I didn't forget how to talk!  I just forgot how to shoot down your idea politely!
Yeah! You can't have thinking in a vacuum, so SOMETHING must exist if there's thinking going on...
Do your other rock star friends talk like that? Do they reference themselves as "cool rock star[s]"?
I would have thought you'd choose something closer to "And THAT'S why they call me the widowmaker".
Shakespeare, which is better: a gun that shoots chainsaws, or a gun that shoots EVEN BIGGER GUNS?
Wow, that's an unexpectedly mature response. I figured you'd wish for "happy women with steaks" or something!
Richard Dawkins: and we should make the most of our time on this world - Richard Dawkins
Hooray for her coming back, not hooray for you stepping on a tiny woman to express excitement.
Was rapping to the beat and trying to get you to move your feet not considered... viable?
oh, hello there. Um, ha ha, you know what? I don't remember!  Well, be seeing you!
But you don't even go to school! "Back to school" season has zero effect on your life.
Judge: T-Rex, you're on trial for stomping on hundreds of tiny women. Court is now in session.
Hey baby / that sex was fantastic / I hope next time / I'll be more enthusiastic?
You need to go to school for all those things.  All you ever do is stomp.
One day when you are older you will wish you had set your sights a little higher.
I have been quietly seeking out part-time employment, and my search has finally come to an end!
Wait, I know some truths that are absolute: mathematical truths! How could I have been so blind?
Yeah, but then you'd lose the hoy of living your own life! There'd be no more surprises.
Man I coulda told you that! I accidentally almost ate a whole pig at breakfast, you know?
Not if you chemically touch it up. It should withstand scrutiny long enough to make the news!
My comments were addressed to the young lady beneath my foot; you were not their intended target.
Book Cover Text: HE'S A TOTAL JERK BUT YOU GET MAD AT US IF WE SAY THAT
The mere sight of you has returned my anger!  Why did you put out that book?
Yes!  Can we continue this later?  I have to go babysit a little pterodactyl. 
So then, do it T-Rex! Write some material, sign up for an amateur night, and do it!
The creativity that was required to create hoverbikes has been erased!  Who had the insight now?
But they're inventions without an inventor and you can do the same thing with works of art!
Ug. Here, look: "T-Rex, that certainly took a long time and I didn't enjoy it at all."
Right now she's probably saying "OH MAN WHAT A CHANGE FOR ME! A CLIMATE CHANGE, THAT IS!!"
But why did he say it to his dog? Was it because all his friends were flakes?
My stories for men were a huge success - but I've excluded half of my potential market!
Man, if this were a bath, and there was a woman here, and I was hugging her?
This morning I skipped breakfast and met T-Rex for lunch. He seemed excited. He always seems excited.
What? what colur? The colour of my skin? You're saying you like the colour of my skin?
Okay, Dromiceiomimus! Here is the best joke ever for you. It's way better than all other jokes.
Don't even - don't even tell me you don't appreciate the stark aesthetics and beauty of decay
Sometimes I feel the only purpose of our universe is to act as a warning for others
Okay, look! You want to know what the greatest video game system ever is? It's the N-Gage.
Radio Button 4: Hah hah, but what if he's really dumb looking now?  Hah hah hah!
T-Rex's Mental Text: Wait, my list doesn't make sense.  The responses don't follow from the question!
Actually, T-Rex, there's been a few stories written on that theme: Asimov and Clarke both wrote one!
Off-panel speaker: I'm sorry, T-Rex, but we feel you're not the best qualified application for this position.
I dunno - I still think you fetishize the other, T-Rex! What do you think, Mr. Tusks?
And when he met Indians that DIDN'T meet his expectations, he just changed them for his photographs.
Don't you remember how you wanted to see that cartoon thing in real life? Now's your chance!
Guess what, mom? I got a job I don't want as a florist today, entirely by accident!
Okay, so let's say I sleep 8 hours a day: that's 16 hours a day I'm awake.
They've closed off Main Street so that people can act like Dromiceiomimuses there! It's gonna be awesome!
Imaginary T-Rex: woo! party!  [[T-Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball, he looks so happy]]
Imaginary T-Rex: woo! party!  [[T-Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball, he looks so happy]]
Couldn't they all be describing the same shared desire for an understanding of what's bigger than ourselves?
But do you really want a world where people hasten to clarify their metaphors and linguistic flourishes?
Hello, radio call in show? Did you know Utahraptor abused the word "very" in all his essays?
Mr. Tusks: Hullo T-Rex!  Can I ask you a question?  It won't take a minute.
I've come up with a great way to make any otherwise-flattering compliment totally creepy. It's so easy!
Now compare and contrast: Dromiceiomimus, you've got a very pretty body! I like that in a woman.
Ah, it's no biggie! I'll just divide how much I like someone by their distance from me.
Man, who is the dude who dropped his wallet in the toilet last night? WAS IT ME?
JOSHUA: A strange game, Matthew Broderick.  It seems the only winning move is not to play.
But it didn't work. The situation was so unerotic, and I was terrified of becoming visibly aroused!
Oh! I don't like THOSE parts. Well, I guess I don't want to be fascist after all!
There's no way it's anyone else. Oh my God, Dromiceiomimus, do I go up and say "Hi"?
TWO DAYS?! That's terrible! That's entirely terrible. Listen, life is stupid and I'm going to stockpile water.
Well, they think he's so great he INSPIRED the super powers. He's actually just - really angry?
But that's the thing! Even if I write about something implausible, folks assume there's a real-life inspiration!
T-REX YOU WOULD HAVE EASILY WON THIS ARGUMENT IF YOU'D MADE IT BEFORE THE INVENTION OF PAPER
Hey peasants! Tell all your friends to pronounce "boner" like "bone-air", okay? It'll make the future HILARIOUS.
Insurance motivators? Uh, building complicaters? Domino frustraters? Wobbley Times U.S.A.? Um. . . Shakey Shakes Central? 
"Oooh, look at me, I'm T-Rex and I've found another way to be terrified of the future!"
Oh yeah? Well I've got a literary technique for YOU, my friend! It's called TELLING OFF UTAHRAPTOR!!
What that means is that they are on a spiritual search, trying to find God-the-idea, not God-the-person-hiding-behind-the-couch.
a comic for dudes and ladies who are newly single and who are like, man, SCREW THIS
So you swerved to avoid a dog and were thrown from your bike, going over the handlebars.
UTAHRAPTOR. He'll want to party! That guy parties like it's 1999, a rock star, AND like Marty.
Listen, if we both pretend we can both get what we want out of this conversation, okay?
I spent the whole day in bed, Dromiceiomimus! I wanted to see if I could do it.
So each new tattoo shoots the old one, but what happens when you run out of space?
If you drop something heavy on your foot, your first instinct is likely to scream in pain.
Sometimes i worry that if I were someone else, I wouldn't want to be friends with me.
Okay, so this man gets into a car accident and wraps his car around a telephone pole!
If you feel so aimless, why not create you own meaning and invest your actions with it?
However, I have studied the past 2000 years and come up with the DEFINITIVE CULTURAL low. 
I have for you today the SEXIEST DINOSAUR COMICS STORY OF ALL TIME!  It is sexy!
I think you mean "prejudice". And what about diaries, amateur writings, transcriptions of dialogue, writing under duress...?
Excuse me, everyone? You saw what just happened! What do you think that driver meant to convey?
Yeah, but maybe if you went to less all-you-can-eat restaurants you wouldn't need to exercise so much!
That's what's so interesting!  When there's really unfair offers (90/10, 99/1), some players reject them anyway.
I see. That's cool, I GUESS. I GUESS You can do what you want with you life.
Attention, people who are breaking up with someone! Don't say "it just wasn't meant to be", okay?
It's a fun theory, but if you're absorbing particles all the time, shouldn't you be gaining mass?
SOON, T-REX FINDS OUT THAT HIS GRAVITATIONAL THEORY HAS ALREADY BEEN PROPOSED BACK IN THE YEAR 1690!
But I can assume all the other players know this too, and won't guess higher than 66.67.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: This is the poignant example of the futility of war that we've ever seen!!
Cave painting: check. Renaissance-era painting: check. Astrolabe from the Age of Discovery stuffed inside my computer: check!
FOR SOME REASON T-REX AND UTAHRAPTOR PUBLISH THEIR COLLABORATIVE STORY!  IT GOES STRAIGHT TO NUMBER 1
Dromiciomimus: Yeah, but when it goes poorly, your gift is nothing but an INCREDIBLY AWKWARD BOXIND DAY.
There's only one way to find out! It seems that, once again, I will have to contract...
...Let us pause here and remember how truth and honesty are the foundation of any social relationship?
Because then if you know about 18th century literature you can punch them aside and say "OBVIOUSLY!"
Well, he's a gruff man, but he knows his spaceships.  His name?  Captain Flannigan O'Spaceships.
True!  But sir, I think you'll find that you're forced to agree: THIS ISN'T MOST SCREENPLAYS.
Please.  My first play is called "The Motorist Who Spewed Racial Epithets While Also Spewing Vomit"!
"But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Plagiarism is the sun"?
Plot twists are when you think the murderer was the cape guy, but then it turns out....
He actually stabs out his eyes becuase he realizes he's murdered his father and married his mother.
My new book is called "BILLY THE TEEN! BILLY WAS THE TEEN... WHO LOVED BEING A TEEN!"
I am generally a pretty easy-going guy! But guys, there's this one thing really boils my potatoes!
But I hate all those things too! HAVE I NEVER HAD AN ORIGINAL THOUGHT IN MY LIFE??
Um, in the future it will ALSO be very easy to PRETEND you have a cell phone.
Shakespeare has drawn attention to the hella dumb, and in doing so, addresses and placates audience concern!
Huh.  Okay, I'LL be the guy who's mad at all the UNWARRANTED credit Wilde gets, then.
I know that getting a transplant is serious business, and that it can be a traumatic event.
I know that getting a transplant is serious business, and that it can be a traumatic event.
Will I be the most popular person ever? I can only speculate that the answer is yes!!
With that in mind, I now present more "euphemisms" to allow you to get by in society!
With that in mind, I now present more "euphemisms" to allow you to get by in society!
Frig, man! I sentence like that could make a fella feel like he's made some bad decisions!
Someone who is able to lead well, but also is able to admit and correct their mistakes.
Yep!  I really like it though.  Anyway, what's your favourite weather?  Hail?  TORNADOES?
Please excuse me, Dromiceiomimus! I'm off to save some citizens. AS YOU KNOW, I have super strength.
I have taken the aesthetics and beliefs of the romanticism movement and adopted them for my own!
You know that story where a classy guy takes a not-so-classy lady and then makes her classy?
Man: Honey! Asteroids just collided with Earth! We... may be in for a hundred years of darkness.
T-Rex I've heard you say that about every possible demographic - whether it's age, gender, or race.
Hah hah! What's the matter monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo??  
Hah hah! What's the matter monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo??  
If I copy it, then there'll be tons of my AIs running around, and that's a problem!
In fact, assuming that all units are exactly equal and any differences between them are purely cosmetic!
It's not me who says "frig" to be polite! I SAY IT TO BLOW SOME FRIGGIN' MINDS!
Who here thinks technology that existed in the past but has now been forgotten is totally awesome?
Yep! They can be mostly be summarized as "hoverboard cavemen in spacesuit hats" though. I've, um -
When I drink, I tend to get sleepy, and then I tend to go to bed! Guys!
And that brings us to today's Proof We're Not Living In The Best Of All Possible Worlds!
My name's T-Rex and I'm here to say / That I'm the rappingest guy in the USA!
I'm not sure that's the case!  Plus, friction would eventually make your butt catch on fire.
Hey, I know this guy! The books were probably all comics anyway, and they don't matter, right?
Nobody should be excluded from games just because they can't afford a cummerbund, top hat, and pince-nez!
"Hold on, I meant to write that he COULD! For more TRUE FACTS, turn to page 45."
Now if I'm ever accused of wrongdoing, any investigation will reveal these posts and my extreme innocence!
LISTEN THIS IS A CLASSIC PARADOX THAT EUBULIDES OF MILETUS CAME UP WITH OVER 2000 YEARS AGO
Okay that's a metaphor, but just BARELY.  It's basically a literal description of what's going on.
And that brings us to today"#8217;s Proof We"#8217;re Not Living In The Best of All Possible Worlds!
People who say "Always be true to yourself" fail to consider that there are completely unrepentant murderers.
I thought we'd agreed - on your urging, actually - that we'd all be saying "bitches" less.
Dollars for sale in an auction where everyone pays their highest bid, whether or not they win!
You're sure he didn't tell you, I don't know, that you're special? To be excellent to others?
You're sure he didn't tell you, I don't know, that you're special? To be excellent to others?
YEAH IT'S PRETTY GREAT IT'S A PICTURE OF A HORSE AND UNDERNEATH ARE THE WORDS "NATURE'S DOMINOES"
Why should that matter?  Your existence now is in no way different than it was before.
We'll be saying this when we're 50 years old, you know. We'll still be installing friggin' updates.
Utahraptor, I overdosed on semantic satiation! The word "waterpark" has been sandblasted right out of my mind!
Which guy just totally shredded his phone bill?  Oh snap, looks like it was THIS guy!
So if flour isn't scary, then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour?
So if flour isn't scary, then MAYBE - just MAYBE - they were simply short of flour?
Rawr! I represent nature and cannot be controlled! Watch as I destroy this house, representing humanity's folly!
When a man and a woman love each other very much, they share a very special hug!
Yeah, when people talk to me about intelligent design, I yell "BED BUGS HAVE INSTITUTIONALIZED STAB RAPES".
Ouch. Utahraptor, I promise I'll say it even if you die with tons of fully realized potential!
I always knew this day would come, Utahraptor. I - I just never thought it'd be soon.
You know what? We totally can put an exact price on life, down to the nearest cent.
They'll contest it, or everyone will agree to redact the bear slappy clauses. Happens all the time.
Hello Dromiceiomimus! Do you want to go shopping for women's underwear? We are after all both women!
Well, I think so, but say something sarcastic now and I'll tell you what it sounds like.
Stupid log cabin in my way! Prepare to be returned to the ground! Entropy is always increasing!
You're saying that because sex is 'rare', it has increased value, and is therefore treasured unreasonably? 
Ahh, another relaxing day for me, T-Rex, the king of the dinosaurs and the dinosaur of kings.
The mystery is how a gigantic green building-sized Tyrannosaurus Rex expects to succeed as a undercover detective!
Then you bring it all to a boil, reduce heat and let it simer for 20 minutes!
I make this dish all the time! It's great when served over rice, and feeds 2-3 people!
One day Green Lantern found a power ring and used it to fight crime that wasn't yellow!
Or maybe when I stomp on this house, it will crack open to reveal treasure! Gold doubloons!
Well, it just seems that this kind of activity isn't how your parents raised you to behave!
Last night it occured to me that an evening at the theatre would be a delightful distraction!
No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency to inheritance: like produces like is his fundamental belief.
Hey, I had a dream about you last night, only you had my mother's body, and, um-
WHY DON'T THEY MAKE THE ENTIRE AIRPLANE OUT OF THE SAME STUFF BLACK BOXES ARE MADE OF?
No, please, T-Rex, don't use that word.You know who uses that word? Jerks use that word, T-Rex.
For one, it means if I think I'm awesome, no-one can dispute it because I'm the authority!
Remember? The dead have come back and are harassing the living! They want to eat our brains!
I've decided that I will put my tremendous height, strength, abilities, intellect, and colour to good use!
I think it's pretty clear that you have only the most superficial grasp on the philosophy, T-Rex!
If there were an award for lateness, I would be the winner, two years in a row!
You too provide no value to me, young woman! That is why I stomp you with impunity.
My skills are ill cause I predate time! Ain't no mics been invented to amplify my rhymes!
The question you have to ask yourself now, is which of the four walls did you break?
Dromiceiomimus, in this universe, instead of being my ex-girlfriend, you are a street-wisened homicide detective named "Lenny"!
And of course, a young lady that is in a prime position for a good stomping herself.
It's just like - I wish I were part of that young couple walking hand-in-hand, you know?
You went to the washroom and I was hungry! Let us just enjoy this fine day together!
I've come across a way of making any otherwise-simple sentence sinister and creepy! The secret is simple:
You chop up two potatoes, two tomatoes, and one onion, and throw them all in a pot!
The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term...
The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term...
For someone who says he isn't "bicurious" you sure spend a lot of time talking about it!
Damn it T-Rex, you're obsessed!  You want your "bicuriosity" satisfied?!  We'll satisfy it right now!
So long, Dromiceiomimus! I'm about to travel back to the age of di- back to long ago!
I certainly didn't sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food again, that's for darn sure!
So the Rajasaurus down the street and I went out for dinner last night. It was great!
I am a more patient woman and I did not resort to violence to solve my problems!
I know this may be sexist, but I don't believe a woman is capable of such neglect.
Disastrous events seem less horrible when they happen: a) As part of an ongoing process over time...
T-Rex [[whispers]]: I let you guys talk! I am always interested in what you have to say!
I would not, as I think you couldn't even define what a neoclassical pastiche is, my friend.
- and yet, I certainly enjoy marrying widows in order to gain access to their pubescent daughters!
Are you sure? Cause I sure felt like I was the King of the Dance that night!
I'd like to, but I don't believe in your God! I think he's all in your head.
And no doubt turning what's clearly a global disaster into a chance for sex with multiple partners!
Nope! My parties only ever go UP notches! They go all the way to the top! Extreme!
Oh boy! You've justifies being uncouth! Who cares about the past 1000 years of evolving social graces?
But then after a while I got tired of my new pets so I gobbled them up!
(I can't wait till he finds out I replaced his toothpaste with a COMPETING BRAND OF TOOTHPASTE!)
Isn't that right, Dromiceiomimus? Wouldn't you agree that I have an uncanny understanding of the female gender?
I have faith in what may appear to be miraculous occurrences, Since you entered my immediate locale,
Come to think of it, I'd be pretty pissed if someone broke up with me like this!
Yeah, this is even worse than a break-up email! You have to at least compose an email.
I have much to offer a potential mate! I am big and strong and oh so sexy!
Oh no, no, that's true! I just thought you were implying it was your own linguistic invention.
You cannot do anything because you are dead. All you can do is SAVE, RESTORE or QUIT.
What is the meaning of life? By this I mean, how should I best live my life?
I'm sick and ornery! I just want to be left alone today, so give me my distance!
Well, we all prefer when you're yourself, but also not a rude jerk. You can be both!
So you're implying that society serves a useful purpose, by encouraging me to be - nice? Polite?
Well, people know what politics are, and "world politics" is just a straightforward application of the adjective.
Man, you're nerding up the place!  I don't need to hear this talk about "applying adjectives".
And piloting the crop duster PERSONALLY. I tell you, wasting food: the manliest thing in the world!
What about the whole idea of "the only questions worth asking are those that can't be answered"?
My friend, thigh fives are a ridiculous way of expressing enthusiasm.  I am aware of this!
And that's one mystery I'd prefer to leave unsolved! I'm really enjoying this feeling of mysterious popularity.
From now on, I am all about other, less complex parts of speech. Verbs don't understand me!
Well, I'm just pointing out that across all these wacky situations, you're the one element of continuity.
Why would I screw myself over by not putting a new bag of milk back? That's crazy!
I have much to offer a potential mate! I am big and strong and oh so sexy!
It's true!  My friend, have we become elitist snobs?  Are we too good for anything?
But if you've already ordered your meal, why would they? They still get their money either way.
The one whom we're considering is not popular, but he attempts to five off that air nonetheless.
And also, sometimes like they're part of a larger work with a distinct thematic focus. Forget that!
Sorry, what were we talking about there? I just remembered I have to mail a letter today
The Devil: I GOT THIS NEW GAME WHERE YOU HAVE TO CLAP TO THE BEAT TO WIN
Would you like to buy some PRECIOUS IRON, featuring nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements, Dromiceiomimus?
The fallacy of balance occurs when news agencies claim truth by reporting "both sides of the story"!
I no longer wish to die someday! It's true! I have decided that aging is for CHUMPS.
Do I? Hell Yeah! Maybe if I smash their log dojo and ninja-mobile they'll leave me alone.
I really don't think you can turn the relative beauty of weather into a dramatic event, T-Rex.
They're not cute: they're freaky!  They know too much!  They open up jars and stuff!
We join our story as T-Rex is relaying dumb stories he's heard and believes to be true.
Here are some bad things to say to someone who just broke up with his long-term girlfriend!
"I was always impressed with her wit, her beauty, her intelligence and her sense of humour." 
Dromiceiomimus, would you say that I'm an excellent dude for walking around like I own the place?
I ASSURE YOU THAT I HAVE NOT GONE ANYWHERE MY MOUTH WAS MERELY OCCUPIED WITH DORITO-RELATED ACTIVITIES
I maintain that you do!  You're pre-pubescent, then pubescent, and then post-pubescent when the changes stop!
I think that people know what the bases are - but if they don't, that's cool too!
I HAVE RECENTLY BEEN PLAYING A GAME IN WHICH ONE CONTROLS A ROBOT LOADED WITH FUTURISTIC WEAPONRY
A psychology student, I guess!  That's just because I don't really know any music students, though.
One might expect me to become hilariously angry at such a comment, but I'm managing my anger.
So annoying! Plus, I saw this other ad on the same day that said "everyone approved O.A.C."
But, aren't you simply avoiding any responsibility here by transforming a personal failing into something cosmically fated?
Man, it sure has been a long December! Maybe this year will be better than the last.
Not to mention the many stunning parks of natural beauty, populated by unique, rare and tasty animals!
Looks like you've come down on the side of "gendered professional nouns have their occasional uses"! 
That is HECK NO not my sort of thing, but I'm glad to know it's an option!
But doesn't that imply any countries that don't have that desirable feature are worse off than Canada?
Oh man, I'm gonna work the phrase "little lower, little slower" into every conversation I have today!
Wait, shoot , too soon. Can we start over, and you give me a hug or something?
You should do it!  Maybe even guys would kiss him, because the sign told them too!
But, on the other hand, putting a "kiss me" sign on someone's back would be EXTREMELY CRAZY!
Or at least you would be, if your spoilers were at all plausible.  Nice try though!
So how do people do it? How do people choose a direction in their life, I mean!
Man, even if you were successful, I can just tell you'd screw up my timeline on me!
I believe that MAYBE it could? It's not like we have too many options! Let's do it!
Man, leave it to you to take a great religion and focus ENTIRELY on the sexy bits.
I ask the question: what if some of the theories and laws of science were merely statistical?
That was indeed a difficult breakup. I'd prefer to be the person ending it, given the choice!
Alright, I'm a plumber come to "fix your pipes" but you have no money! Also you're Asian.
LEFT A THERMOS FULL OF FOOD FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS, HOPING SOMEONE ELSE WOULD CLEAN IT OUT:
My only evidence is how incredibly plausible my story is.  I would rate it: super plausible!
THERE ARE OFTEN CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH A GAME'S COMPANY HAS FOLDED BUT THE GAME ITSELF REMAINS POPULAR
Come on! "Justin Case"? "Justin Time"? Those are old names that weren't that funny to begin with.
T-REX I HAVE BEGUN TO EMPLOY NUMBERS AND SYMBOLS IN LIEU OF ACTUAL LETTERS IN ONLINE ENCOUNTERS
You're saying that if we had words for these things, people would think of them more often?
You know what makes me irrationally angry?  It's people who say the moon landing was faked!
I've written a draft of a new book!  The book is called, "How To Be Awesome".
Hello?  I play by my own rules.  Rule number one: no going to class, baby!
Hey, why are you setting up learning on your own and learning in a classroom as opposites?
It's not you can't do both! Learning is learning, and some ways work better for some people.
John Allison:  Yes there is panda! and baby! and frog!  All delight at T-Rex presentation.
LOOK AT ME! I'M A STUPID UTAHRAPTOR! I WISH I HAD LIFE ALL FIGURED OUT LIKE T-REX!
(Turn around, stomp girl.) Hey Utahraptor, I really appreciate that you think I'm "Oh-so Clever and Delightful"!
You see what you've done? You've distracted me from my stomping.  Now the comic will explode.
Well! I intend to find out, using the power of science coupled with the power of auto-experimentation!
There was a mouse in my house last night.  A mouse! In my house! That rhymes!
Which charity would you donate to? Is it perhaps a charity dedicated towards RESUSCITATING YOUR DESICCATED CORPSE?
Because that's what my charity was looking into: reanimating long-dead corpses!  We was gonna make zombies.
Actually... I have been dabbling in genetics and was wondering what a group of alleles is called.
LATER: INVITATIONS TO A "WHO CAN TELL THE BIGGEST REGRET WITHOUT RUINING IT FOR EVERYONE ELSE" PARTY:
Especially since you'd have to climb up at least part of Everest yourself.  Okay, you're right!
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW T-REX BECAUSE I COULD SHOW YOU WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE
Vegetarians are chicks and dudes who don't eat a lot of meat for some reason or whatever!
That sounds close to flexitarians, who only eat meat when being vegetarian would be rude or inconvenient!
The city was dark - too dark. The kind of dark that could drive a man insane.
I can be mind controlled by smelly enemies. I'm a danger to myself and everyone I know!
But your regret is bringing it back. Revitalizing it! No- yes. Yes! The friendship crush is restored!
Dromiceiomimus, pretend that we're dating and talking on the phone, and I'll break up with you, okay?
Luckily, I still have Method #4, which is to set unreasonably low expectations for everyone, including yourself.
But - you couldn't get a job at a library, bceause you wouldn't ACTUALLY know library science.
Well, perh