Descartes was a dude who wrote "Cogito ergo sum" which means "I think, therefore I am". PRETTY NEAT, cats and kittens!
Richard Dawkins: We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die,
HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS.  HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS, a story starring YOU!  But it was written by me, T-Rex
So if you agree the universe is a sphere, skip a page!  If you think it's another shape, keep reading.
You wake up and it was all a crazy dream?? You know what ALL OF CREATION would say if that happened?
God, WHO I USED TO THINK WAS KINDA COOL, is talking about everything being eventually torn apart by accelerating universal expansion!
Dromiceiomimus is going away for a three-week trip! I will miss her but I know she will have a good time.
Yep! I'll miss you, Dromiceiomimus. I hope this trip brings you nothing but happy memorable occurrences, and unexpected, but welcomed, smooches.
T-REX YOU ARE 10 YEARS BEHIND THE TIMES KIDS TODAY JUST ADD SNOWMOBILES TO THEIR INTERESTS LIST ON SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES
Holy crap, where did that entropy idea come from? Entropy decreasing in a closed system is so WRONG. So... NAUGHTY. 
Anyway THE POINT is that I came up with an elaborate revenge scheme in case it ever happens again.  
Dromiceiomimus! Dino babies! I'm - I'm going to write a story in which we're all babies! And friends. Friendly dino babies!
Hah!  I find it suspicious that you had this manoeuver all ready to go, AND YET, I welcome it enthusiastically!
I bet I still have all sorts of secret skills I just haven't discovered yet. Like - like throwing my voice!
Well, T-Rex. . . maybe it is you a little, you know? You do kind of talk yourself up a bit.
All I need is a way to convert mathematical truths to the real world and I WILL NEVER BE WRONG AGAIN!
To begin: your house is too small and your car is slightly out of scale! And you! Your colouring is improbable!
All I've got to show for the past week is a bunch of books that nobody is ever going to read!
You'd expect that over time they'd condense down to their core meanings. But I guess that's our friggin' universe for you!
We could go to the water lake beach shore in our water lake beach shore swimming shorts for swimming? In water?
Serious concern? I just stepped on a tiny woman, so her only influence on the climate is that now she's dead.
But wait! This is one idle daydream that I can make come true! Dromiceiomimus, how much does a rubber mallet cost?
Seriously!  We're these two great dudes who get all the film's best lines.  Why don't we hang out more?
The Devil: T-REX I HAVE CONSIDERED THE MATTER AND THE NES WAS MOST ASSUREDLY THE GREATEST VIDEO GAME CONSOLE EVER MADE
I am faith, trust, and hope!  I am the profound belief in a power larger and more important than ourselves.
But what if I removed that desire for happiness?  What if instead of feeding the world, I simply killed hunger?
How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope?  I bring nothing less than inner peace!
How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope?  I bring nothing less than inner peace!
My pin was too common to interest a museum, but the rest of this stuff COULD be given away like that!
But then the boss hates him so much that he LITERALLY kicks him out and then slaps the sign back up?
T-Rex (thinking): Okay... Katherine - no. Muriel - nope. Ermeswindis - yes! Yes! Wait... no. No. Man, thanks for nothing, ERMESWINDIS.
It will be about a young man who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect-like creature!
Oh, Mr. Tusks!  Your delightful minute (as in time) and minute (as in tiny) pun has cheered me right up!!
Wait, hold on; I think I know how to fix this. Utahraptor, you're pretty gay! I like that in a man.
Don't sleep with someone on a regular basis. Anyway, what's new with you? I'm talking about my nose that leaks blood.
But even so, if suicidal folks really want to kill themselves, these barriers won't stop them. They'll just go somewhere else.
Utahraptor, you were right!! I met a zombie ghost! He wanted to eat brains but his teeth passed right through brains!!
Someone dropped an arrow out of a plane and it nailed my friend in the eye and it was extremely sawesome?
Guess who has thier first nightmare EVER last night? If you guessed me, then HELLS YES that was the correct guess!
It's awesome! It was about a dog who didn't have super powers, and then one day, he got some super powers.
Radio: Police report a rash of interior vandalism: members of the public are waking up to find their interior walls defaced!
MAN I'M BLAMED FOR EVERYTHING BUT i NEVER GET THE CREDIT FOR HOW PEOPLE'S HEADS EXPLODE WHEN SEEING SOMETHING REALLY SURPRISING
Computers have gotten way better in recent years. A new computer can beat a moldy old one from twenty years ago!
As a gentleman who is not afraid to say what we're all thinking, I'm going to say what we're all thinking.
For example, January 1st could be "excited". And then January 2nd could be "elated". And then January 3rd could be "disgust".
Yes! It's about a guy named "Clarke Kente"! His name is CLOSE to Superman's secret identity, but legally and creatively distinct.
Utahraptor's comic: Ever since she was six, Tina Rex knew that she was one day to wake up as a man!
Okay, listen, you're not allowed to rewrite my stories anymore. Prostate exam jokes? Seriously? I stopped reading it three panels in.
[[Close up of a T-Rex tattoo and an Enterprise tattoo flying out of its mouth, all on an alarmingly green background.]]
Offscreen: Yo, I'm not number one but I'm still good/ My parents know that I've done/ basically the best I could!
You know those guys who have been hiccuping for 70 years or whatever? I'm glad I'm not one of those guys.
But the headlines would still be "Hiccuping Doctor Cures Cancer". It's too memorable to overlook! I like choosing my OWN destiny.
Out of Panel: We're focusing too much on the mistakes of the past. Let's get back to the future, shall we?
There's still bad movies. Anyway, most "Worst Book Ever" lists have mainly modern entries despite THOUSANDS of years of book history.
I feel like I'd prefer to give my money to charity directly, rather than go through this whole "creepy date" thing.
Hey, when I decide that "cool" can only mean something chilly, you'll still shoot me with the kryptonite bullet, right? 
Oh God, I'm DEFINITELY going to jail, and it's all Utahraptor's fault! It's his revenge for all those arguments he los!
Okay! Today is the day I go down in the record books for being the first guy who - who, um...
Oh my goodness I just figured out what I was meant to do with my life. I have discovered my CALLING.
So either you want to destroy a future generation's idea of history, or be remembered for your skills at interior decoration.
T-Rex, it's December 18th! Even if I knew how, that's not much time to convince the entire planet to hug. 
I need to get the best present EVER for Utahraptor this year. And that present is clearly, a - um... a...
When I say "Case closed" I make eye contact, take off my glasses, and dramatically slam closed the book I'm holding.
Well, there you're using a poem so famous I'd argue it doesn't need citation. It's a reference! People will get it.
Forget it! All these personal revelations have left me baffled, disoriented. Values are baseless and nothing can be known or communicated!
You don't, T-Rex: you join it. You - embrace it. Don't call us "the Contamination" We just want to... elevate you.
Holy crap, Utahraptor! Would it be a plot twist IN MY OWN LIFE to spend all my time rewriting out-of-copyright books??
The British will end up creating a Standard English just to ensure that government communication can be READ outside of London.
It's put into action in the event that Plan B fails. ONLY IT'S NEVER BEEN USED BECAUSE PLAN B NEVER FAILS!!
Attention, please, everyone! I've done some reading about the brain and I discovered there's a part of it called the "amygdala"!
But DID YOU KNOW that dentists only clean your teeth and hang out with you because you pay them to? 
Robin Hood was a guy who lived in a forest with some of his chums.  Guys, he made tree forts!
Hey Shakespeare, you know what's a better first line for "The Taming of the Shrew" than "I'll pheeze you, in faith"?
Well, I'm not sure I can put it into words, but I'm pretty sure it went a little something like this.
Man, whatever! I'll just legally name my kid "T-Rex Jr." and then refer to him exclusively as "Lord Britishface the Third"!
Dromiceiomimus, I don't! It's honestly just a stupid cold; one which, FOR WHATEVER REASON, responds well to allergy treatments! I'm tough!
Yep! But don't worry about it, I already saved 'em all. As you know, I have super strength AND super speed.
Nobody can argue them.  Utahraptor, I've invented nothing less than arguments for religion that can never be disputed by atheists!
So by "Choose Your Own", you mean have the narrative thrust at you haphazardly in accordance with your natural reading pace?
I've come into possession of the most advanced AI on the planet. Neato! So, um, what do I do with it?
The odds that someone would do that just as you were mentioning it are so small! Did you set it up?!
I suppose now you're going to suggest we do something so amazing that the future will HAVE to check us out?
Okay. Well, Mario's a well-known character, but you have specialized knowledge about him. Why not exploit this in art you produce?
It saves time! What's the difference between a dead skunk and a dead PROFESSION MEMBER in the middle of the road?
Okay! I bet that in ten years um... people will OFTEN refer to sex as "connecting via dialup to boner central".
T-REX DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES YOU'VE OFFERED "DONATE SOME FRIGGIN' SPERM" AS A SOLUTION TO AN APPARENTLY INSOLUBLE PROBLEM
Some words are special, reserved for only the worst situations, and as such carry weight when we dare to use them!
Hey, imagine if the only quotation that survived from you was "Time to get myself into some of them quote books"?
"Ignore that last bit! I meant to write that we know T-Rex was awesome and I wish I were like him."
And now I'm going to put everyone into a big garden!  Nobody eat the fruit of one particular tree, okay?!
Man!  If there's a better two-sentence summary of BOTH Star Wars and Archie comics, I don't want to hear it!
The only reason you can do some of it yourself is that there's a whole dentistry infrastructure supporting you, my friend!
It's due to a repeated firing of the same cortex area which causes a reduction in the waterpark intensity, right? Waterpark.
Exactly! But it helped me realize: even when I'm dreaming of interesting things like zombies or sexin', it's still kinda disappointing.
Look for me, I'll be the guy shielding my head with one hand while shouting "Don't worry everyone! I deserve this!!"
SORRY WE WENT A WEEK OR SO TOO FAR BACK; THE EVENTS THAT LED TO EVERYONE DYING HAVEN'T REALLY STARTED YET
This chowder is good, but now I'm uncomfortably remembering how they only give out Pulitzers for books and stuff. No chowders.
OH MY GOD, is there SERIOUSLY no room on this planet for a dude who loves actions but hates their consequences??
Morris: only to tell you the truth i'm not all that fine because i've been under a lot of stress lately!
He was actually talking about everything, but that includes dudes! I used dudes because it's an example EVERYONE can get behind.
Today I made peace with the possibility that I might never get wrapped up in a madcap case of mistaken identity.
Shakespeare, if you spell "assume" differently, you'll stop future generations from making that stupid "ass out of u and me" joke!
I promised myself I wouldn't cry, but I cried! It was a beautiful wedding. Are you going to see the brides?
T-Blech: It's a good thing I've come up with some things to talk about today! Otherwise, I could lose my job!
Look, I appreciate the sentiment, but you've got to stop trying so hard. It's just got to happen, naturally, over time.
T-Rex!  Don't stomp on her!  God damn it, I'm so sick of telling you not to stomp on things!
Yeah, that's the thing with birthdays: they only come once a year, and if you miss the day, you miss out!
"#8226; Wear something that will identify you and make you easy-to-remember! I recommend a "crazy" scarf or a large disfiguring scar.
Only that if you want the food to be less watery, let it simmer longer - for up to 30 minutes!
I am happy here, but I know I won't be happy if I stay here forever. Leaving becomes a bitter-sweet necessity.
But wouldn't it be SO AWESOME to discuss your own awesomeness in open court, that it would be a special case?
So, if it's not the anonymity you want, why are you going to all the trouble to sneak into our houses?
I was in the Garden of Eden, and I don't know what I was thinking, but... I ate the forbidden fruit!
The secret is to convince your opponent that arguing with you isn't worthwhile!  When they abandon the argument/friendship, you win!
I was just babysitting my adult neighbor. But then I realized: wait,  you don't babysit adults! You only babysit CHILDREN!
Well I still have plenty more proof that God doesn't exist! Remember all those emails I sent Him back in December?
But before you say anything, I want to share with you some happy news: that Dromiceiomimus wanted to be my Valentine!
Okay! Time to get down to some squashing! Hey... what gives? What's with the word balloon and the jester regular font?
My sense of self itself is nothing more than the physical state of the chemicals and neurons in my stately skull!
The trick, Dromiceiomimus, is NOT to make vegetables fun. Nothing makes vegetables fun except using them as weapons (carrot swords, etc).
Oh boy, this treasure hunt which I have just explained in detail including the twist at the end will be great!
But I don't know how to solve that problem!  I do have opinions about the broken credit card infrastructure, however.
But perhaps in this universe, different decisions were made. Choice piles upon choice, until the world is a strangely different place!
Sometimes! But I don't have a very good imagination for that sort of thing. What would I be, a romantic lead?
Most of these theories of history are over 50 years old, and reflect the sexism in the language at the time.
So - wait. What am I out for? I remember meaning to pick something up, but now I can't remember what!
neway not much is new with me.... i really need to go out more... worried i might be in a rut...
I have written the spookiest ghost story ever! It is called, "The Man Who Died And Came Back As A Ghost".
This is because I've just composed the Perfect Haiku. It has intrigue, a cold night, and perhaps, a hint of gunplay?
Ah, who cares! The Utahraptor's been having a bad time here, and I'm to credit! I wonder how long he'll stay?
T-Rex (thinking): In truth, I had only the loosest grasp on female anatomy, but I'd take that secret to my grave.
During the previous diurnal cycle, I counted myself among the ranks of the lonely! Now you're lying in quite close proximity.
My last pet dog ran away because I never fed him. But THIS new dog I'm sure to feed every day!
Well, you're raised pretty much every socio-reproductive issue in the book, and also RUINED THE LIFE OF AN IMAGINARY CHILD. 
Ho ho! They are allowed to be teased by me whenever they use their phone, even if it's in an emergency!
The presence of the evil Utahraptor in this Universe has raised the very philosophical questions I had earlier been concerned about!
Can the two Utahraptors be considered the same person? Is the evil one just the result of some decision made differently?
Well, we all tend to define ourselves with or against something: a home town seems as good a thing as any!
If only I could find someone, preferably in my own neighbourhood, to be my companion and also to have sex with!
I had the strangest dream last night! There was this disease going around that made people really - violent, I guess?
Well, okay, but nobody want to invite someone to a wedding whose toast is going to be "This too shall pass"!
Well, if that's your idea of fame, why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover?
Well, if that's your idea of fame, why not just publish your own magazine and put your face on the cover?
that their clothing and automobiles were old-fashioned, that their landscape lacked skyscrapers and other contemporary buildings, that their world was black
All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
All we have to do is re-run the temporal experiment BACKWARDS, thereby forcing time back into its usual lattice inversion structure!
What do you think, Dromiceiomimus? Am I going crazy? Am I finishing off the milk and then COMPLETELY FORGETTING ABOUT IT?
If only I could find someone, preferably in my own neighbourhood, to be my companion and also to have sex with!
By mining the Earth's outer (liquid) core, I can sell precious iron, thereby giving profits to myself and my business partners!
Today I believe in temporal presentism! Only the objects around me are real. They exist in space, but not in time!
Motorcycle enthusiasts enjoy "souping up" their rides almost as much as anime fans enjoy the classic "Battle Angel Alita" graphic novels!
Are you really interested? Is this your way of showing interest? I could tell you all about it if you want.
You know it! And plus, you could do extreme tricks on the way down - like a backside lipslide 50-50 fakie!
People are always like, "Boo hoo hoo! I'm not motivated!" Well, not anymore! Not since I, T-Rex, have decided to become...
So I went for a walk last night before bed, simply because I wasn't tired yet and had nothing to do.
Sleeping face down style! Rubbing my eyelids with the palms of my hand style! Glasses would interfere with BOTH these activities.
So you only dislike taxi drivers when they're driving taxis?  Maybe you just hate the game, but not the player!
Yeah!  That seemed a little TOO krazy.  But its actually pretty close to what we now believe, only backwards!
So I was at the dentist today, and he was all cleaning my teeth, and I was like, "little lower...little slower!"
I don't know much about it either, T-Rex!  I think you'll have to do your own research on this one.
And did you know, Dromiceiomimus that in the most recent book Harry's friend RON WEASLEY ends up asphyxiated on the moon?
"Indoor voice" refers to the situation inside a house, where others are sleeping and stuff! There's a whole context there, T-Rex!
Yeah, but what if you finally get that job, and it's not all you hoped? What if it sort of sucks?
But being unemployed isn't sucky all the time, just some of the time! I don't know! I'm pooched, man! I'm pooched!
It's as if guys are so afraid of being called gay, they go for the most capital-w Woman they can find!
I know! It makes me feel like a member of a community, plus, I can meet new and attractive lady dinosaurs!
They wanted a short orange guy and I gave them a tall green guy, and they threw me to the curb!
I believe that I believe that it may or may not be a nice day for stomping on things.  Yes!
I know, I know! I was just a little irritable and making jokes.  I don't actually blame the baby, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiceiomimus, I'm back from the past, where I've changed the timeline to remove someone bad from history!  Isn't that PLAUSIBLE?
Well, Justin Time goes by his middle name, Tehnikov, because having two Justins on the team would be confusing. Get it?
Dude, that's not a conversation! That's just using a victorian-era verb (which means to chew one's food thoroughly) without any context!
And it doesn't concern you that you have a crush on an extinct social group just because of their sweet slang?
But what about yourself? You're only here because your parents selflessly decided to have children. Your very existence is against egoism.
They probably realized what a great dinosaur I'd be and figured it would be in their own interests to creat me!
Why not just give the cure to all 