I have constructed a rocket-ship for myself and a guest of my choosing! The wood from this house will provide the fuel!
I have constructed a rocket-ship for myself and a guest of my choosing! The wood from this house will provide the fuel!
Dear mental diary that everyone can hear:  Utahraptor was so impressed with my book idea that he forgot how to talk!
You know what would go down if Nintendo came over? I'd sat "Oh hello, Nintendo! It's so nice to see you again!"
Sir: It says here that you and Agent U just surprise each other with stenographic images of swear words all day long.
It's so obvious!  I'm going to learn how to throw knives at a distance such that they can cut speaker wires!
I have a problem! The problem is that when I'm chatting online with someone, I - I sometimes steal their writing styles?
It'll be hilarious for all us non-Jennifers!  Make it mean kissing someone on the nose and then blowing into the nostrils.
All you need is practice!  I bet if I practice enough, I could get bif enough to stomp this whole house.
Honestly, this is pretty much all I know about the difference between ethics and morals, and I'm not even sure that's right.
Movie Poster Text: THE BITEY GUY THAT YOU LIKED FROM BEFORE IS BACK ONLY THIS TIME HE HAS A SEXY LESBIAN FRIEND
Well God, I guess it really just goes to show you that there's many different competing ideas about what "true" really means!
Okay, knowing just one thing, then. Going through life knowing that no matter what, I'm going to win the lottery, for example!
Homophones are words that SOUND the same but mean different things, like "news" and "gnus". Way to go only part way, HOMOPHONES.
NO, I meant like, what replaceable, CONSUMER ELECTRONICS possession would you want to save?  Also, you can't already have the possession.
That is without exaggeration, T-Rex, the weakest comment on climate change that I have ever heard, or am ever likely to hear!
Freestyle Rap Man: My name's not important and I'm here to say / That I've been outside rapping for most of today!
It was great, Dromiceiomimus: a whole town that had been abandoned! All these collapsing buildings and rusting machines. It was APOCALYPSE PORN.
What the heck, T-Rex?  I invite you out a'swimmin, and you get a far-away look in your eyes and walk away?
I would like to have an inclined treadmill, so that I could build an indoor skateboarding track.  Am I that crazy?
"Do this?" Utahraptor, do you seriously think I'd explain my masterstroke if there was the slightest chance of you affecting it's outcome?
It turns out my "ahappiness" idea is actually pretty close to the Buddhist idea of transcending desire! I HAVE INDEPENDENTLY INVENTED BUDDHISM.
So the story starts out the same, but the guy slips on some lube and then lands in an old jock strap!
It's an interesting conflict in the guy: record the Indian before they "die out", but already know what you want to see.
Man, I STILL haven't solved any world issues! This is like a mid-life crisis, except it's been ongoing since I was six!
Hah, I sure did describe ninja turtles as being neat! Splinter taught them to be ninja teams! What's not neat about that?
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman: Can't we all just agree that Raphael is cool? But, ON OCCASION, he can also be crude.
BEFORE we had dictionaries, words could be spelt in a variety of different ways. Now that we have dictionaries, spellings are fixed.
A few months ago I said I wanted to be a stand-up comedian.  It turns out it's a lot of work?
Now on to my next topic of conversation!  When people say "I want you inside of me," isn't that weird? 
Benny: I'M NOT A PEDOPHILE!! I am a LEDOPHILE, that is to say, an enthusiast of the tiny Indian village of Ledo!
Novel Excerpt: Shortly after celibately inquiring about the weather, Samantha exclaimed, "Antonio!  I am definitely 'going oral' on you right now!"
I agree! We've got to find something else for you before you've become a cruel amalgam of the uncles Scrooge and Pennybags!
Huh! Maybe the best way to learn about prenups is to get one. Oh my gosh, Utahraptor!! Let's get a "friendship prenup"!
It says "Utahraptor! Don't steal my comics, UTAHRAPTOR." Then there's a drawing of him stealing my comics, with an x through it!
You live in a bland world of consumer electronics, Utahraptor. I live in a world of robot pals who bake me food!
My new, hyper-efficient bingo is basically like putting in your money, pressing a button, and being informed whether or not you've won.
But that's what slot machines do, and people LINE UP to play them! OH SNAP! IS THIS ANOTHER ARGUMENT WON BY T-REX??
Emotions are embarrassing and should be hidden.  In polite society, "euphemisms" are used to avoid the shock of naming feelings directly!
You know what? Maybe Leibniz is right and we're all doing pretty okay. maybe this IS the best of all possible worlds!
Okay.  So I was wondering, in case I get this dream again, where do YOU fly when you dream about flying?
Hello? That's the world record for Longest Time Taken To Push A Disabled Tractor Through A Stupid Digestive Tract. That doesn't count!
Okay so we've all evolved from lesser beings and in order to continue the species, we have a genetic imperative to reproduce!
Still, maybe you've got a bunch of tied-for-second moments, and I bet all those combined are better than one single best moment!
Yes.  He's yelling "Status!" and there's a dramatic strings version of "Red Red Wine" playing.  It's a very tense scene!
"Therefore... he must not have travelled that much!  I HAVE UNCOVERED A FACT ABOUT SHAKESPEARE'S LIFE!"  and then they're happy.
That's exactly my point!  We're RECONSTRUCTING it from hints, subtext, deduction and innuendo from his works.  I CAN USE THIS.
The future having different opinions than the present is making it REALLY HARD for me to be popular across all possible timelines.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury!  I appreciate you giving me the chance to address you.  This whole thing started...
Okay, promise me right now that you'll never perform anything on me that could possibly be referred to as "The Happy Swamping".
Yep! it pulls this off by protecting its repair enzymes from radiation damage, AND by keeping multiple known-good copies of its DNA!
Off-Panel speaker: Dear God, this song is like a polka equivalent of Vanilla Ice covering "Achy Breaky Heart" in a quarter-time falsetto.
There are tons of phrases in the English language that I can never use because they've already been claimed by someone else!
It's the BEST way of looking at it!  Plus, anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious.
It's the BEST way of looking at it!  Plus, anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious.
... Then you went ahead and lost any specialness from that a second later when someone else was born.  Nice one.
...Alright, I've decided. I'm not going to change my name if it ONLY works in the event of my horrific death, Dromiceiomimus.
Wow! The plants are nice and the birds are singing and the sun is almost down from the top of the sky.
Another good way is to suck in air through your teeth.  This indicates a severe problem with whatever is being proposed!
T-Rex, do you actually know what a calorie is? It's just, sometimes people use the phrase without actually knowing what they're saying.
Utahraptor! All I've come up with is the name of the dude for when he becomes a classy lady: Professorita Henrietta Higginsfem!
When I start reading a panel and it changes suddenly, I feel like I am being punished for not reading fast enough.
Eliza Bot: "UTAHRAPTOR IT HAS BEEN TOO LONG. I AM DEFINITELY STILL ALIVE. LOL. IS YOUR MOTHER STILL WORKING AT THE LIBRARY?"
I need to find a non-obnoxious way to show up at a party and announce to everyone that I'm no longer drinking.
My God, Utahraptor, that's THE PERFECT SOLUTION. It combines my two greatest interests: acting like I'm Batman AND deceiving my closest friends!
I know a lot about Super Mario, on account of how I've played those games often for, um, most of my life?
That's exactly it: I never surprise myself! When will I do crazy things? When will I wake up in jail and laugh?
Niiiiiice. I also would have accepted "Here Lies T-Rex: He Tried To Eat One Of Every Animal; Hopefully That Counts For Something!"
But I gotta say, there's this one forbidden tree that has this AMAZING fruit and you should definitely eat some right away.
Utahraptor!  Homeslice!  Oh, I wasn't talking about you, I was referring to another debt which - um, I also owe?
Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony, making a big deal of my way more awesome prize!
T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME".
Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony, making a big deal of my way more awesome prize!
T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME".
I'm going to invent a NEW acronym that goes along with some enemy's initials, then ensure it gets super popular! Revenge: COMPLETED.
WELL IN SOME CULTURES TATTOOS ARE REALLY SIGNIFICANT AND MEAN MORE THAN JUST "HEY GUYS SO LOOK I HAD SOME EXTRA MONEY"
I am a man who doesn't know a lot of basic things about himself. I barely know what colour my eyes are!
It should have one of those accelerometers or whatever in it, so it can charge itself from my motions throughout the day!
THAT'S the sort of dinner experience that gets people's attention. That is the sort of dinner experience you put on your resume!!
You know what'd be great?  A restaurant that serves gourmet versions of classic comfort foods, like burgers and fish and chips!
What if we took the sum value of all the world's currencies? That'd tell us how much everything is worth, in total!
Maslow says I can only maximize my full potential and achieve the highest state of being in one way: realization of self.
Yeah, like "You must punch out a bear within three weeks of my death, or the diamonds go to some charity instead!"
Why?  I'll be able to don a raincoat and hat, go outside in the storm and pretend to give pseudo-meteorological reports!
Well, let's just say that a lime green t-shirt coupled with electric blue shorts is not exactly the most stylish of outfits.
Utahrapper: Forget it, T-Blech! We've philosophized instead of taking action, and now the humans have won! We'll all be extinct by tomorrow!
2 years ago I went as a ninja!  That was awesome, because I got to hit people with my ninja stick!
Utahraptor (as T-Rex): Thank you ma'am! I stayed up all night working on it! The vestigial arms are made of paper mache!
Says you! If a woman was walking around shouting for fine new sexy dudes, she'd be chased by men from all over!
Um - well, they're both important.  It's not a song without music, but for most songs, the words are important too.
I have thought of the perfect prank to play on the Utahraptor! I will confide in him personal stories about my youth...
Well if everything is viewed as a business arrangement between traders without charity, then how can you have love? Love is selfless.
Therefore, since you can have an arbitrary number of 'really's, there are an infinite number of ways to say "I love you".
I'm worried that my Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex, has become too commercial! We've forgotten about the true spirit of the day.
I received some excellent news last night: that I've been accepted in a part-time job at the local middle school (grades 6-8)!
Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things, out here in the REAL world!  How are you today, Gertie?
Ha ha!  That of course is my name, which is why I am responding to it!  I'm fine today, Gertie!
Other things that don't exist include talking plants and ham and cheese sandwiches that are made out of neither ham nor cheese!
I have finished a new novel! This is my best novel yet, for the simple reason that it includes one critical aspect:
I have heard of the perfect way for one, and all of ones friends to be the classiest group of people ever!
Listen, I have an idea. If you do not read any panels, we will never get to the end of this comic.
Oh "#8211; thanks, but never-mind. I had one of those before, and it turns out the magic was in me, all along.
Okay, so here's the plan!  I send cards to all my friends giving them the first clue on a treasure hunt!
I whistled for a cab and when it came near, the license plate said "fresh" and it had dice in the mirror!
It was awful! Look, I know you're trying your best, and your my friend, T-Rex, but you didn't even memorize your lines!
Inside, he wanted to gnash, but he doubted himself. He knew that he could stomp. He was not sure he could gnash.
My uncle left me this treasure map which shows the location of buried doubloons in relation to several carefully placed log cabins!
But what is up with the staff coming in to clean up before the credits are even half over? That's just rude!
The only thing I'm worried about is the dancing. I have such big, manly feet that sometimes they get in the way!
Are you sure it wasn't just a confidence thing? A sort of "the new dance moves were in you all along" thing?
Come to think of it, yeah! I bet He'd do something lame like making all of the Universe the joke or something!
T-Rex, your relationships with women have been characterized by confusion and misunderstanding and briefness, and AWKWARDNESS, as far as I can tell!
But - there is hope. Small changes compound into large ones, and soon you will be encountering situations that you don't recall.
He was just telling me that I shouldn't make fun of people with cell phones, because He has a cell phone too!
Yeah, maybe they know what they want, and that's to share their lives, and a beautiful child, with each other!  
T-Rex's Memoirs: It made me feel certain that, had I an old La Salle at the time, it would have ran great.
I can never let my father, whom I have a close relationship with, know my shameful secret!  I never - 
But T-Rex, no matter what you do, you lose!  Economics teaches us that there is an opportunity cost for every action.
And so by "snoozing", you are "losing" out on the chance to do anything you could have done - cure cancer, perhaps!
This guarantees me POPULARITY.  Who would not like to hang out with someone who's the coolest?  The answer is no-one!
Okay T-Rex, I'm not sure what's going on here, but without verbs we cannot run or play or smile or even be!
Really! They're actually discreetly observing your breathing.  They do it on the sly because if you're aware of it, it changes!
I know tons of secrets about other professions anyway! Dromiceiomimus, did you know that restaurants want you to fill up on bread?
T-Rex " Utahraptor: But that which he does not possess, well, be assured that he substitutes for it in his own mind!
Squid cuttlefish, and other similarly baleful creatures are all members of the cephalopod family, characterized by HUGE EYS, BEAKS, INTELLIGENCE, and AMBITION.
You wouldn't guess it from my rugged exterior, but beneath my tremendous frame beats the heart of a sensitive man. So sensitive!
A little animal that will follow me around on my adventures, be my companion... someone to keep my bed warm at night!
If everyone knows people are being insincere, then what's the point of polliteness? We end up in the same place, semantically speaking.
In order to make things easier for myself AND my peers, I am construction a personl Enemies of T-Rex List (Enemies List)!
So, throughout time, people have spent their youth learning, and the time after that applying what they've learned. Not a bad system!
IT IS INTERESTING TO PONDER WHY THEIR POPULARITY HAS FALTERED WHILE THAT OF THEIR SISTER GENRE OF RPGS HAS REMAINED REMARKABLY RESOLUTE
The problem of course is the fianc?, who (as I understand it) does not support his wife-to-be sleeping around with another man.
I was talking to a friend the other day, and it turns out he'd never played the classic "Duck Hunt" video game!
Whenever you feel angry and think maybe you shouldn't be upset, just repeat to yourself, "Don't be so angry okay?  Sheesh!"
Ye Olde Narratore: The plague of their Times, the Dinosaur was known for taking Plaesure in rendering one's abode or Self flatten'd.
While it can occasionally help us re-evaluate bad ideas, it can also be crippling. People who are too self-doubting can become (figuratively)
let us discus public spaces, such as parks and sidewalks! Does nobody own them? Or, are they in fact owned... by everybody?
Fall asleep, wonder how your life brought you here, stare at clock, stare at own fingers, MAYBE stare at fingers of others.
Oh, it's true!  I'll probably NEVER know everything about everything at this rate.  Time to fall back to Plan B!
I think I'll go visit some places overseas.  Why not? I could plan a trip to the island nation of Australia!
It's not often you can see how language is evolving, but you can totally see it today with make and female nouns.
I just think we're approaching a state of perpetual copyright, and that this could interfere with my bhangra remixes of pop songs.
Hee hee!  It's the ultimate prank!  I'm gonna do it.  Should I do it?  I'm gonna do it.
I am a firm believer in the "do nothing and your problems will take care of themselves" school of problem solving. 
Saying "the movie needed more explosions" is my polite way to suggest that the film was a romantic comedy, by the way!
Hey there! How's everyone doing? Say, that river sure is getting high, huh? Maybe someone should put a DYKE up around it!
The REAL question is, why's everyone getting all up in my fries? Is there something particularly more attractive about my fries today?
I feel like eating food carefully AND interacting with technology in ways that would be embarrassing to any younger people I'm with!
Hey, I feel fine too! Would you like to talk about it for a few hours because that's always a good idea?
I'd never want to eat polluted excited pork meat, Dromiceiomimus.  I just invented it and I never want to eat it.
I don't know.  Vanilla extract!  Not many people talk about it, so I thought... I thought I'd be the first?
Man, I don't count!  I was talking about OFFICIAL visits to the moon.  Mine were in a strictly unofficial capacity.
You know what? I'm not even certain if it's possible to travel faster than light.  I'm going to ask Professor Science.
He's also my new critical trademark. When something is really juvenile, I'll say it's by Timmy. It implies so much earnest ineptitude!
Oh my goodness, I feel sick to my stomach today.  I woke up and I felt sick to my stomach already.
So I'll be able to figure out q easily, knowing what n and p are, but this guy will be totally stumped!
Man, how great would it be to have a TATTOO? Assuming it does not go disastrously wrong, it would be super cool!
Dromiceiomimus, I'm going to let you in on a secret, okay? I have decided to stalk Utahraptor! Can you help me out?
While you may have wanted a smooch just now, Dromiceiomimus, you can't have one because I'm sick! I have a cold. 
Well for one thing, it's an extremely portable language.  That means it works in all sorts of environments without many differences!
OCD stands for "Obsessive Compulsive Disorder"! It means you are consumed by the constant need to do something, in this case, stomp.
You said your catchphrase! Every time you say "WHAT" some goofy music plays, so the audience knows when to laugh and applaud!
Ryan: Aaaugh! Dammit T-Rex, how many times do I have to tell you not to leave slaughtered iguanodons on the kitchen counter?
A better understanding of ethics? Plus the ability to not feel bad for accidentally "murdering" your friends who shoot down your ideas.
Just curious!  I've never done any, but some of my friends have.  They say - they say it's pretty alright?
Hah, if you felt as serious about climate change as you do about the mall, we'd have that settled in no time!
Well, I guess the difference is that nobody will ever get mad at you for being intolerant of racism! Except for racists.
So the main character - the programmer - saves the girl from the killer, but then makes an error... a FATAL ERROR.
No thanks!  I don't see why I would bid 