I have felt the harsh sting of my own racial joke turned against me! Luckily, I've been saving a joke for just such an occasion.
I didn't mean for that to be as gross as it was. I should have went with "I never loved you!". That's pretty bad, eh?
Hey, I bet if I went a week without showering, nobody would notice! Showers are probably there just to sell water. And soap. And shampoo.
If I ever build an office building, I'll have room 403 have a lock on its door, and then it'll go straight to room 405.
I'd use the "Beth of both worlds" one in a circumstance in which I would otherwise describe Beth as the BEST of both worlds, Dromiceiomimus.
I can't decide what I like more: the fantastic back-to-school savings, OR the renewed chance at educational glory? I guess I like them both equally.
Fine! I'll invest my stupid $50 in the stock market. Okay? HAPPY? I'll invest my $50 in a company that makes NECKTIES FOR UNDERACHIEVING DOGS.
They agree that the sentence is meaningless!  If it can't be checked, there's no use considering it, so it's ignored.  Facts only please!!
What? You LOST the baby pterodactyl you were sitting? You LOST a BABY? T-Rex! THIS IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK IT IS!
Who was the dude sitting alone at the biggest table in a packed restaurant last night, waiting for friends who never came? It was ME!
I have recently acquired some snake oil, and it has inspired me to compile a list of professions that have been ruined by lexicalized phrases!
Utahraptor, don't interrupt! I WAS SAYING, normally it doesn't take me THIS long to finish with something good, even if it's just a little ejaculation.
-mix of "Layla" and "Smells like Teen Spirit" into one song. So everyone can listen to both of my favourite songs at the same time!
Well, Utahraptor, I'm glad you asked. I've compiled a list of my friends and I am stomping on those who are not on my list!
My last attempt to be a motivational speaker didn't go so well.  But this time I have a plan: GENERATIVE ADVICE.  For example!
Man, I don't need that acting job anyway! I can get by on my good looks and charm ANYWAY, and "essay writing tips" are easy.
T-Rex, all I'm saying is that i can be just as "manly" as I am now if I don't go "extreme baseball skydiving" with you.
Hey, it's no big deal.  You can go to a clinic, or you can look up doctors in your area and make an appointment.
Did you tell the woman you had sex with that the REAL reason for it was so that you could be entertained at the dentist's?
If I ever turn into a werewolf, I would DEFINITELY donate my still-living body to science!  The reason is simple: I Care About Science.
Recently I have discovered something that disturbs me! My savings account is now less negligible than before, and yet - I kinda want some money?
Oh God. Listen, I want something more like "Number of Enemies That Said 'I Wish I Wasn't T-Rex's Enemy Anymore', Frig". In fact, that's perfect.
That's another performative!! You're tacitly endorsing their existence!  I'M SECONDS AWAY FROM MY HEAD FADING INTO A CARTOON STEAM WHISTLE AND GOING "TOOT TOOT."
Hey, who wants to party? I woke up and I said "I want to party!" and then I gasped because it was BONA FIDE FACTS.
It's a good story! It's heartwarming and the theme is that, SOMETIMES, people can fall in love. Aww! Everyone loves to be reminded of that!
But that's the thing: everyone else has ALREADY learned how to do it, so I'd be needlessly duplicating their efforts if I learned it myself!
See?  Lonely, infinite buildup, a confusing instant of climax that's over before you know it, and then a long, slow slide into disappointed despair?
Utahraptor! There's a city called "Batman" in Turkey!! I could have spent my life in BATMAN CITY becoming a master in the study of Frigg!
If this isn't the final nail in the coffin for Leibniz's "we're in the best of all possible worlds" argument I don't know what is!
And if someone says "can't get enough of that Sugar Crisp" NOT ONLY do I think of Sugar Crisp, I think of the jingle too!
I wonder what it's like being a ghost.  Immortality coupled with incorporeality seems like a potent combination!  Is it TRULY 24/7 party times?
Let's say you're playing chess with someone, and suddenly they have a fatal heart attack. This is the best possible way to win, you guys!
Oh, I know! That's not what I meant. I meant, "I bet that, HAD I SPENT YEARS TRAINING, I could be an amazing ballet dancer".
Although, I MIGHT change the lyrics to "Hey there guys / You know what would be great? / If this guy / would cardiopulmonarily resuscitate"
I have no plans for tonight.  Will this TRULY be another night of staying in, solitude, and quiet contemplation of my life thus far?
T-REX WHAT IF I TOLD YOU THE UNIVERSE WAS JUST A TEST TO SEE IF "SANDWICHOCRACY" AND "SANDWICHTASTIC" WOULD EVER BE USED IN A SENTENCE
Hey T-Rex, I wanted you to know: I won a little bit of money in the lottery and I want to share it with you!
My pleasure, T-Rex! I enjoy how when YOU come over, you always say "Thank you for inviting me into your home." It always sounds sincere!
Today is special because today is the day I show everyone how manly I am. Today is the day I punch out the friggin' sun!!
I feel strong - feelings, Dromiceiomimus! I think it's some shock, some anger, but mostly disappointment! 12 years of a life is a long time.
The amount needed to heat one kilogram of water by one degree Celcius. And the suggested diet has a daily calorie level of around 2000.
Man, how come I'M the one who always get the same cold in spring? Darn this runny nose! This sneezing! And these itchy, watery eyes!
A steel worker lumberjack, skin shiny with sweat and mucus, wastin' food with one hand and high fiving three woman at once with the other!
Thanks for reading! If all went well, you will have spent way too long looking at this image, and are now feeling a little dizzy!
Thanks for reading! If all went well, you will have spent way too long looking at this image, and are now feeling a little dizzy!
Hello? Skynet? Every time you get a bunch of AIs together, they INEVITABLY decide that things would be better if all physical life was dead.
No, man, it was totally spontaneous! And totally crazy, too! Hah, I should have said "Folks who give me bars of solid gold" instead, right?
No natural language uses the "blowing a raspberry fartnoise sound as a phoneme, which is just - it's just - well, it's too bad, Utahraptor.
As a man concerned with how, when and if I am going to die, it behooves me to know the most likely causes of death.
Anyway, Ryan moved to a new city this weekend. He loaded up all his books into his car, but when he arrived they were soaked!
Okay, but one could argue that the intelligent life we represent is something that could be ENTIRELY UNIQUE in the Universe.  That's worth preserving!
Dentists are cyberneticists that operate with metal scrapers instead of experimental medical contraband, and the result is cleaner teeth instead of glowing red pupils. 
Ah, but you're assuming everyone's sexing up a totally genetic stranger.  If you sex up a relative, any child produced will have fewer grandparents!
And that is a valid complaint!  I hate it when fictional universes are SO CLAUSTROPHOBIC that everyone's hanging out in the same swimming pool.
Oh my God, people who say "IMHO" in real life are just - Utahraptor? I am having trouble dealing with our friendship at the moment.
Exactly! And now they're all dead, and the Kobans are dead, and we can all go through life without dealing with their irrelevant racism. 
I'm not sure if that's offensive. I think it might be offensive! Maybe? I guess it depends on what food you think best represents "gay".
Oh!  You mean it's been done in alternate timelines or in the distant past, because, as God, you have access to all possibilities ever.
Those are pixelated if you look closely, T-Rex! And before you say "robots can", they still draw on some medium, and that's made of atoms.
Well, today I made peace with the possibility that if I die tomorrow, people might not say "Such a tragedy; he had so much potential."
A bunch of us want to find meaning and purpose in our lives and the Universe. Unfortunately, the Universe itself is indifferent, uncaring and meaningless!
UM, I CAN'T BECAUSE I'M BUSY POURING MY LIFE KNOWLEDGE INTO THE EMPTY VESSELS OF FUTURE GENERATIONS?? Come on, we need to get ON THI-
Some are dead, most are still around!  Some are happy, others are not so happy, but I'm sure they hope to be happy soon.
The HELL? This is my last chance to make people to do things for money, and you're saying they're not legally bound to do it?
It's not ROMANTIC love, Utahraptor, it's hugga bubba love, which I just defined as lingering awkwardness that has nothing to do with love at all!
I call it "What If Early Abrahamic Religions Had Not Been Concerned With The Origin of Sin, But Instead Contained A Viable Recipe For Cement".
Hey, I need some more advice.  How can I apologise to the Utahraptor for saying that I had sex with his mom last night?
I've discovered that the problem with researching this sort of thing (polygamy) (the subject of which I am speaking) is that everybody has an agenda!
It's like vegetarianism: all you hear is from the militant extremes ("Meat is Murder!" "Vegetarians are Sissies") and it's hard to find a balanced viewpoint!
Classically, one would make private resolutions and endeavour to carry these out over the new, unblemished year.  However, this tradition has changed over time!
But you didn't shake my hand just now. It is LESS CLASSY to run up behind someone shouting than to give them a firm handshake!
The reason this word is so great is that it means "given to the overuse of long words" and it itself is a long word!
but paleontologists are confused as to the origin of what appear to be fossilized wood fragments contained within, and scattered just beneath the footprint record.
I got the idea from TV!  From now on, whenever something I don't like happens to me, I'll just declare it to be non-canon!
This means that for every perception, every emotion, even for every thought that I have, there is a corresponding state in my brain to match.
And since the Dromiceiomimus and I already know what's going on, we can help!  We should make it a block party, and invite everyone!
But the number of people who would be interested in this is small, is it not?  Small enough to be limited entirely to yourself?
Well, my friend: that depends. Did I die in a funny way? For instance, did I smoke a cigarette, and then my eyes exploded? 
Oh, I'm sure I'll learn that in time! For instance, if that thief went on to kill my Uncle Ben, then that moral would certai-
For instance: as a male, I can be impatient, sometimes to my own detriment! Notice how I destroy this house rather than walking around it.
Yes, as usual. What if I made a stinging insult in your direction - would you be able to come up with the perfect rejoinder?
Ideally, he'll have an intense, yet thoughtful expression on his face. People will say, "Oh, I'd better just leave T-Rex alone: he's intense yet thoughtful!"
Now the dinosaurs had their fearsome roars, But they had their friendships, too; And while they stalked they often talked, And debated what was true.
Historically speaking, all I know are broad stereotypes! For instance, most people in the Middle Ages all wore dumpy clothes and spent all day hoeing.
I love being bad - I mean I love being good! Because "bad" is "good" to us! And by "us", I mean the entire Universe.
HEY T-REX THE NEXT TIME SOMEBODY ASKS YOU FOR ID YOU SHOULD PULL DOWN YOUR PANTS AND SAY THIS IS ALL THE ID I NEED
Alternate Universe Utahraptor [[with a goatee]]: Hey, I need you to help me to build a machine that will destroy all life on the planet.
I can't get enough! All you have to do for comedic gold is have someone say "Boy, I sure hope <x> doesn't happen to me!"
I haven't updated in awhile, mainly because my puter has been annoyingly slow. I need to ask my 'rents to buy me a new one!
Turn to page 32 to be spooked by the spooky ghost! Turn to page 14 if you'd rather see the same ghost and be TERRIFIED!
It RECONTEXTUALIZES the book. People will be like, "I thought this book was transcendental until that last sentence when the talking filing cabinet showed up!"
So you've got lots of countries, right?  Only, you can dismiss about 90% of these, since they don't really affect the agreed-upon "world scene".
To make up for THAT, I'm going to have to spend the rest of the day talking about women I've had the opportunity to kiss!
I miss them! Sure, we were probably a little petty and -- well, kids, but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler... more pure!
I miss them! Sure, we were probably a little petty and -- well, kids, but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler... more pure!
Hah hah!  I did NOT!  What would that be, anyway?  You both on your backs, slapping your legs together in the air?
All it does is make us want things that we can't have, and can't even work towards having.  Forget it!  It's WASTED TIME.
Someone at my house finished off a bag of milk, and then put it back in the fridge without replacing it with a new bag!
It really yanks me out of the moment. How am I supposed to imagine myself being there, when everyone talks like they know their lines?
If the laws were personified, I'd feel sorry for the second law! He'd be the affable loser, dressed in his brothers second-hand patchy tweed. Aww!
But often, when science is reported, equal credence is given to the kooks and their kooky theories! Science is presented as merely an opposing viewpoint.
Damned sinister raccoons are still hanging around outside my house! And just when I thought things couldn't get more freaky, their cephalopod friends showed up!
I have been thinking, and I have come up with the perfect solution to the problem of my being considered, by others, to be "cute".
Yep! It's a neurological distraction affecting the pathways between the central nervous system and the motor neurons, dishibiting any tonic (i.e.: baseline) inhibitions. DOCTORS, huh?
Okay, so what if I said "I think I'll let an assumed future history which agress with my current position be the judge of THAT!"?
Well, sorry!  But come on, this is just a variation on scat, only for some reason you're limiting yourself to a single Mexican food.
Come on! It only works if you make all sorts of assumptions, like, oh I don't know, that the ENTIRE UNIVERSE is deterministic and logical!
The word originally derives from the old English "wifmann", where "wif" meant "female" and "mann" meant a person of either sex: thus, a female human!
This is why I spell the word "wheirwolf", and why I ask that you do the same! You wouldn't want to be SEXIST, would you?
Oh, the Saltine Challenge!  It's actually really hard, T-Rex.  Your mouth is going to dry out and you'll find it impossible to swallow.
I do, because it's so far removed from my own experience.  I'm ALL ABOUT adding kissing to the mix! It's what I do best!
Aha, I know you're only trying to point out the limitations of my plan, but it's to be the perfect FRIEND, not the perfect PUSHOVER.
Incidentally, that would be a good phrase to say to an ex-girlfriend you're trying to hook up with! The "start over" one, I mean. Um.
While I do feel this project has brought us closer together, I don't think it's going to work.  Perhaps faster-than-light travel really is impossible.
Oh man, I should not have said that depression is for chumps.  That's like the worst thing you can say to a depressed person!
Man, context is for suckers! And with that revelation, I don't see how the term "indoor voice" on its own can mean anything at all!
Well, T-Rex, I think most people choose a direction they want to go in, a job they'd like to do, and then work toward it.
And SOMETIMES these little secrets accidentally become BIG SECRETS, because I never told the people I should have about them and it's too late now.
Aw, T-Rex, why do you want to go back in time so much anyway? You've already been in the past; you know what it's like!
Ah, the great Library of Alexandria! A repository of learning founded in the 3rd century BC, this library has become a powerful sy