Get it?  Because CRIME DOESN'T PAY!!  Listen, my story has both a hilarious twist ending and also an important message regarding the paying of crime.
It's been three days and neither "Life of Crime" nor "Meet Someone who Doesn't Suck" have made me rich. MAYBE I AM NOT THAT GREAT AN AUTHOR??
I'm here to pick up my prescription "Happy New year 2004" glasses! They have a plastic "2" on one side and a "4" on the other. 
Book Fair Patron: I don't get it - none of them are actually in the story they describe?  Also, the dinosaur on the cover is crooked.
NORMALLY, they're limited to eighteen characters. So you'll have to stick with names like Enuf Tequila Horse, Hoof Hearted, Yoshi : The Horse, Horseback Mountain, and Robohorse.
Why weren't people rapping until ony a few decades ago? Did people in olden times just not like to hip to the hop, and then not stop?
AND SINCE I AM AN ADULT, it is time for me to define a new, adult, personality. It's time for me to subscribe to some friggin' magazines!
T-Rex (thought bubble): Okay, so it turns out that you're a guy with a sucky turn-on.  This is bad, T-Rex.  You need to fix this.
Well. Maybe. But I feel comfortable with you! I guess I do it for people I haven't known for as long. I'll do better next time, ok?
Future T-Rex: T-Rex!  It's me: yourself from 10 years in the future!  We're just going to call everyone "bastards" when we meet up with them!
Floating Batman Head: i have to go away for a while, t-rex. thank you for making me real, if only for a little while. always remember me.
Anyway, to the recipient of this card: we had sex last night / and it was nice / I hope we used / a birth control device!
If I have an epitaph I want it to be "Here Lies T-Rex / He Was Great / Actually Hold On A Second / He's Still Alive."
The Towne takes up most of the island, so they share the same name!  His mailing address: ULTIMATELY ADORABLE.  I love my little elephant friend!
There was a cop called Utahraptor who saw T-Rex and he chased him on foot.  It was exciting.  Where would the chase lead to now?
What is not to like?  They're words that do their job in the most sarcastic, sullen, passive-aggressive way possible, and they totally get away with it!
He's Just Not That Into You?  Come on.  I can write a better self-help book for people who want cold-hard yet charmingly sassy relationship advice!
I got it when I fell rocket skating after hang-gliding off a mountain and landing in waiting rocket skates! I hit a bump after a few kilometers.
But we don;t know anything about alien life!  Maybe they'll look just like us AND share diseases with us, but with pointier ears.  And logic?
Or maybe they'll look like us, but, you know, ten times sexier.  Everyone on Earth will feel bad about their bodies for the rest of time!
T-REX LOVES YOU AND HE'S GOING TO PROVE IT. TONIGHT HE'S GOING TO EAT TOO MUCH DINNER AND THEN GO  TO BED EARLY. THEN YOU'LL KNOW.
Mr. Tusks: That would be a TINY bit inconvenient for me T-Rex! I need you to write a joke for my speech tomorrow to the Chiropractor's Union.
We should go! It's so great. You get a glimpse of what the world would be like if it all went wrong, and we all died tomorrow!
Shakespeare is the greatest author in history, but all he's written is 38 plays and 154 sonnets about "how much [he] likes to gaze at yonder bosoms"!
I was telling you about a woman I dated! She was fun alone but clammed up in public. The frog was an allegory! A Chuck Jones allegory!
I was telling you about a woman I dated! She was fun alone but clammed up in public. The frog was an allegory! A Chuck Jones allegory!
It's so you can imagine a man slapping a woman after an unwanted kiss, and then you get to examine your ideas of gender roles and heteronormativity
He wakes up and looks around and he catches teh eye of a passenger who looks like Shakespeare? And the Shakespeare guy smiles and winks, The End?
Well, he IS from the past, and 80% of the plays from his time survive as titles alone!  We're lucky to have the data we do.
I know, right? Sometimes I worry I like George Clooney TOO much, but then I realize: there's no such thing as too much love for George Clooney!!
And FINALLY, you could just have the narration mention the fact that Batman's Australian, and leave it at that. You don't need to rely on pseudoracist sterotypes!
It's motionless AND silent. Interestingly enough, it was favored by early art photographers, as they already needed their subjects to stay motionless for minutes at a time.
They're random firings of sleepy brains.They're stupid stuff that my brain does to entertain itself when I'm not around to make it look at chicks or punches.
TRUE.  Plus I too say "y'all" when the situation demands it of me.  Okay, I'm racist against people who... wear running shoes to the opera?
Okay, you're posed like you're hiding your wallet from me, but I can see that your hands are empty, and there's nowhere else you could hide it.
Why, I believe I could! What am I besides the real, true essence of "male-ness", the invariable and fixed properties which define masculine for now and forever?
Okay, but that's not fascism. Fascism is authoritarian and includes these ideas of unity and purity and stuff like that. It's a sort of xenophobic culty nationalism?
While individuals may be fragile, species can survive a very long time! Why not see individual lives as single cells in the species: A multi-cellular multi-generational organism?
The Temple of Artemis was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. It was this really big temple, you guys! But it was burned down. Arson!
And then he meets a woman named "Louise Laan" and then they're dating and there's some smooching and romance and it all ends in marriage. The end!
Well, you missed out on this store giving away free ice cream because their freezer broke! Another store was giving away free chocolates for reasons less evident.
WELL WHAT IF THE ANSWER WAS NEGATIVE, T REX?  YOU WOULD HAVE TO NOT EXIST!  AND MAN, LIKE, WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE FOR YOU LATELY
THAT, and except for the fact that entropy is always increasing and in the end all life in the universe will be still, dead and frozen forever.
I have kissed a lady.  I have seen PLENTY of beautiful sunsets.  I've even driven a car through a fruit stand during a car chase!
Utahraptor, it's CHRISTMAS. If you told me what you wanted I would get it for you, no questions asked! And I'm telling you I want world peace.
Right. I'd say a good part of who a person is comes from their experiences - but if they are forgotten, where does that leave the person?
I'm not a terrible person, Utahraptor! If you died playing chess I'd be sad, obviously! But also happy, because I KICKED YOUR ASS STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVE.
It's time for us to do things three-quarters assed.  Or deci-assed.  If we're doing something femto-assed then why are we even doing it at all?
Those who keep their failings secret appear more perfect, and so we too keep our shames private, in order to bring ourselves up to this impossible standard!
And then Mr. Darcy shows up in HIS robot suit, and he holds up a sign that says, "Forsooth, I had forgotten I ownned this robot Suitte"?
But not until the 1400s, so if you're in the 1200s and nobody understands you, you could always wander around, find another dialect group, and try again!
Man, I'm not old! I do tons of stuff that's not old people stuff! Do old people knock back extremely sour gumballs like they were regular gumballs?
Nothing bad ever happens when you eat the whole thing, you guys! It doesn't matter what thing it is. I've NEVER had negative consequences from doing this.
Yeah, but I didn't know "Horses" was an actual option! We live in a world where "Horses" is a real last name. How''d I miss that one?
When I'm taking a beautiful woman to dinner, he's helping a homely man throw up! When I'm writing a beautiful narrative, he's writing Koopa Troopa fan fiction.
I no longer value piety or virtue, or constancy (or consistency), or even the search for scientific truth!  I only value my own capacity for experience!
Does anything of substance happen in this story? Or do we just humor the reader as he or she fumbles through the novelty of this storytelling device?
Dromiceiomimus. What is an adventure but a fumbling through novelty? And through such rites of passage, are there not guides along the way to "humor" the initiate?
I'll simply make my AI play billions and billions of games of Tic Tac Toe, and in doing so it will realize the fundamental futility of war!
So, um, when you look back on this, I hope you realize that the reason I left is your phrase "let us... talk about LITERAL rape, okay??".
If I say "Guys, I know I'm rad", what am I saying? What does it actually mean to KNOW something? Philosophers have struggled with this for ages!
At fifty-five generations, I've got over TEN QUADRILLION grandparents all running around at the same time!  Man!  There's NO WAY there was room for that.
I am a guy who really likes Batman.  And it occurs to me: at some point in my life I'm going to be an old man!
I should've went with it when I saw her; stopping in mid-sentence just admits guilt. I should've said, "That's right, Dromiceiomimus! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY."
I should've went with it when I saw her; stopping in mid-sentence just admits guilt. I should've said, "That's right, Dromiceiomimus! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY."
Yep! Because any worse and it wouldn't be a world, it would just be an empty planet without suffering, and nature ABHORS an empty planet without suffering.
I can see not knowing them as a child, but if you're going to be an adult, you need to know at least some of this stuff.
Man, it's great! Across language, time, and entire civilizations, we're united by pointing at our babbling babies and saying, "Yes. This child is DEFINITELY talking about me."
I used to make fun of Green Lantern for being vulnerable to the colour yellow! Then I choked on my orange juice one morning and nearly suffocated.
No, that leaves us with changing the question so we can live in any time period, real OR imagined. I choose the time when everyone's awesome knights!
Well, that's right, but if you ever find yourself in this situation, you can just join a club or a team and meet new people that way!
Well, you can bolster it some, right? Like, you could add on the price each your organs would fetch on a black market. That'd raise it some!
If I make a CONDITIONAL bequest while of sound mind and body and possessing FULL TESTAMENTARY CAPACITY, a probate court is entirely likely to honour those clauses!
I have noticed that eating different foods has different physiological effects on myself. There must be some 'balanced diet' that maximizes the agreeable effects of such nourishment!
So, at best, WE'VE only done a little over half an orbit - so we are exploring the universes! We're going where no dinosaur has gone before!
           l               heaven
People lie and get away with it. Murders go unsolved! There are people who only interact with you because they think it might be profitable for them.
Well, there's not really much for us to talk about, is there?  You had a dream that may have been crazy, but you don't remember it.
If only there were some way that I could come back to now... some way I could save this world to peek in once in a while.
Why do you think it would be so great to be called as a witness in a murder trial? Do you want to have witnessed a murder?
The secret is the HANDSHAKE. If you greet all of your friends with a handshake, then, WITHOUT FAIL, people will start commenting on how classy you are!
I don't need an AK, cause I've got a foot! That can stomp your house into a pile of soot! Sucker MCs see me bend my knees-
Sure!  It seems rational, plus it gives up hope that we could design a computer with a consciousness and - dare I dread - a soul!
You are hit with the sinking realization that you're in a rut: everday, you do the same old things. There must be more to living than this!
You are trying to think of some way you can change your life when an old friend of yours happens to stop by. Turn to panel 4.
But is this poetry contest for political poems or for, you know, poems about the sky and how magical it is to wake up in the morning?
Yeah, but when you open it, it's actually a robot version of me, and I'm shooting red lasers from my eyes that spell out "HAPPY MOTHERS DAY"!
But you have to promise to let ME choose the time period, and you're not allowed to try to set things up so you become king, alright?
These were machines that could add and subtract, and later multiply and divide (through repeated addition and subtraction), forecasting in many ways the design of modern-day computers!
T-Rex, you've got to stop the madness that seems to grip this Universe! There is another way to live: a way based on peace and mutual respect!
Hey no problem. I actually meant it to be anonymous but I click too fast and didn't actually click the box I thought I did. Oh well.
"The ghost explains that even if you were just reading about these events later, you'd still be scared. You realize with a chill that he is right."
Well, that was pretty much the best adventure ever! Do you recall when we got trapped in that mine that was filling up with water very quickly?
But T-Rex, most fan fiction  has characters from TV and movies acting implausibly in implausible situations, and also kissing each other!  Does - does yours?
Oh man, imagine a guy who orders a big steak dinner with all the fixings, and then when it's delivered, he just flips it onto the floor!
I hope I don't run into the Dromiceiomimus today!  She probably thinks I'm crazy since I asked for a "thigh five" the last time we met.
From now on, I will not spend time remembering the past, nor will I be sad when circumstances change!  From now on, I'm all about TOMORROW.
I had SO much food, Dromiceiomimus.  I thought I'd be smart and cook enough food for lunch the next day, but then I ate it all.
I'm sure you'd make a great parent, T-Rex! I can imagine you running around with all your kids behind you, teaching them how to stomp on things...
Oh hey Utahraptor! Check this out: a dog with a missing foot hobbles into a bar and drawls "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw"!
"Happy Dog the happy dog is the happiest dog on his street! He loves to play in the grass. Everyone you know will one day be dead!"
Oh no! With his secret identity no longer a secret, is this the end of Space Rex?! Find out on the next exciting episode of... Space Rex!
The realization that I've had a homosexual affair with the Utahraptor THAT I CANNOT REMEMBER AT ALL profoundly disturbs me. How could I forget such a thing?
The ONLY advantage I can think of is that it'll be cool on Hallowe'en. That's it! And that's not even much of an advantage, actually! Not even!
Hey, I have a great idea! I'll get a webpage, and then I'll put up all sorts of personal stuff about myself and my friends on it!
Therefore I have resolved to make my life better "copy" and will, from now on, style my activities such that they'll be appealing to a hyopthetical audience!
This is true! Plus, people's ideas of "masculine" and "feminine" change over time and across cultures. I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies!
This is true! Plus, people's ideas of "masculine" and "feminine" change over time and across cultures. I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies!
But what if it didn't have to be that way? If we lived forever, we could learn so much! We could make connections between completely unrelated fields.
I've never seen you do either of those things. Besides, if the biggest worry you have in life is glasses, then I think you're doing pretty well!
It kind of came out of nowhere... she is into him and he is into her, so where's the problem?  What's the big deal about polygamy?
For instance, I'd like to see a machine intelligence feel the relief of a cool breeze on a hot summer's night.  They can't, because they're machines!
Yeah - is it like, a music student would have good rhythm or something, while a psychology student would know exactly what you want in a smooch?
Man, if I were sent back 