Today is a good day I think for being remembered! My lovely visage, callipygian frame, startlingly awesome calves and charming smile will yet go down in history! And how will I be immortalized?
No good, unless it's followed by "also, we've found new places for everyone to live comfortably; and hey, guess what: they're sweet new planets and we get there on starships, like from TV!"
Colours change to just a slightly different shade of the same colour. The naked eye won't see anything, and it'll really only be detected if you've got the original image to compare with!
Oh well... I was shy. I didn't say anything to her, and then one time I gave her some fries at lunch. That's - that was pretty much the sum of our relationship.
In some ways it's naive for you to think that everyone would like this woman, but in another way it's really romantic, you know? You thought she was, objectively, the best girl ever.
When I was a child I used to imagine I had just teleported into my own body from an earlier time. Or I'd pretend that I'd suddenly lost several years of my memories.
Why'd you stop? I bet this game would be even more fun as an adult, since way more things have changed since you were a kid. In fact, I might play it myself!
Wow, people really enjoyed my book of Sex Scenes for People with Problems! Everybody likes me and I am richer now. And they'll like me even more when they read my new book...
Movie Poster Text: Once In a Lifetime Comes a Movie (In The German Expressionist Tradition) In Which A Dinosaur Takes Cartoony Bites out of Cows and Then Tries to Avoid Punishment for That."#8482;
I babysat a pterodactyl last night. It was pretty fun, I red him his favourite stories, we played some games, but then I lost him so I ate some sandwiches and went home.
Dromiceiomimus, I'll give you the punchline and you'll supply the identifiable social group to be mocked, okay? The puchline is: "Just one: they hold the lightbulb still while the world revolves around them."
Yep!  And then they'll send you for emergency surgery.  Did you know that one of peritonitis' causes is your BOWELS becoming PERFORATED so that RAW SEWAGE sloshes around in your belly?
Before I used to dread the "what are you doing with your life" question, but not anymore!  This is because I've decided what I'm doing with my life: creating SHAKESPEARE VIDEO GAMES.
You totally are! You never have a middle ground: it's always "oh, it's not for me" or "oh WOW this thing I don't have is so AMAZING how can this be so AWESOME?"
I have come up with the ultimate disaster movie! It is called "OH GOSH: A SERIES OF DISASTERS" and what happens is a guy gets out of bed, stubs his toe and says,
Man, he carried boxes of "Indian" clothing and wigs with him: ethnic signifiers for his subjects if they didn't look Indian enough! And his Indian was clean-shaven, so he'd pay men to shave.
Exactly!  I'm figuratively sick of intensifiers.  What I want are DEintensifiers: words that make it clear that while something might sound amazing, it's actually just being used in a metaphorical sense!
Tableau vivant, or "tableau" is a form of theatre in which the actors strike a pose and then don't move! It's like a living picture. It is, in fact, French for "living picture".
At the end, Loheta addresses the reader directly and explains that if you replace "she" with "he" and "hers" with "definitely his" in the ORIGINAL Lolita, you can read all about his adventures!
Aw frig! Someone has mashed up Jay-Z's "Dirt Off Your Shoulder" and the 1-1 theme from Mario 3! Suddenly my current crush and the death of my first dog have become irrevocably mixed!!
In conversations, speakers generally try to make helpful contributions, and listeners generally assume that this is the case! This is called the "cooperative principle", and philosopher Paul Grice proposed it! He's dead now.
And arguably Manner. But by breaking them, I look for a HIDDEN meaning indicated by the flouting of the maxim! "What is so important about your and his lips?" I might ask myself.
No way! There's no way. "T-Rex" is a great name and IF I were to change it, it would be to "T-Tex", and ONLY if I had a guarantee of oversized cowboy hats.
I think it's beautiful and amazing that millions of years later, another human being dug up the same pebble, recognized the same face, and maybe even for a moment, dreamed the same dreams.
Dromiceiomimus, let's put modesty aside for a second and just "rap", person to person.  I think when we do that, we can agree: there's nothing I've done that I haven't excelled at.
I am a man who says "Frig" a lot, on account of how it's part of my irresistible charm. But guys, it turns out there's a Norse goddess named "Frigg"! She's Odin's wife!
Except THEN I'll just be reinforcing their original branding. Okay, tell you what: I can't forget the slogans but I CAN substitute their brands with something I do want to remember, like intercourse!
While riding my bike yesterday and making a TOTALLY LEGAL move from the side of the road into traffic so that I could make a left-hand turn, this car dude honked at me!
Agreed!  But on the other hand, perfect knowledge of every candidate's position on every issue isn't possible.  So there will always be UNDERinformed voters - it's just a matter of degree!
Wow.  T-Rex, your system only works if we can objectively measure informedness, which isn't going to happen.  Plus, replace "goodness" with "ethnicity" in your phrase and you're a super crazy racist!
Well, if you ask ME, I'd say it's the experience of "immigrating", if you will, to a new country.  Coupled, of course, with the emigrant experience of leaving your old country behind!
If I were an employer and I had two equally qualified candidates, but one resume came from colin@businesssuccessislifesuccess.com and the other resume came from colin@chumpstakingdumps.com, I know which one I'd want to hire!
A #1 song all about how great I am -- It's the best PR imaginable! Folks'll meet me and say, "YOU'RE T-Rex?! Suddenly, arousal washes over me as unstoppably as the ocean tide."
But if I had a transplant, I'd have no idea.  There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me: how is that not awesome?
But if I had a transplant, I'd have no idea.  There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me: how is that not awesome?
EXCELLENT. It's going to be a meat and smoke orgy, Utahraptor. I'm pretty sure we'll end up eating one of ALL of God's creatures, which reminds me, I should invite God to this!
But that's already implied by the medium itself. I suppose I could take advantage of the "one sentence" policy and compose the longest most complex sentence ever, and pour my heart into it.
Today is special because today I'm going to be a lady with poise and grace, who excels at her job and does all that she can to make the world a better place!
But this COLOURS them all, you know? The food chain collapses, you can bet I'm gonna say "Man, this SUCKS!" But now i'm ALSO going to say, "Plus, my game never came out!!"
OBVIOUSLY, if you value the relationship and it's potential future more than the sum of this problem plus all previous problems, then you should stay together!  I folded that into "mutually satisfying".
A narrative hook is when you introduce a story with something incredible so your audience will keep reading!  It happens when you're told that in this comic... SPIDER-MAN!  WILL!!  DIE!!!
I give you the first line of Max Shulman's "Sleep Till Noon": "Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Four shots ripped into my groin and I was off on the greatest adventure of my life!
A sassy cat! FROM SPACE. A sassy cat from space who has an eye patch with a skull and crossbones on it and who has swapped out his feet for bolted-on rocket boots!
A sassy cat from space who carries a crossbow PLUS has all those earlier properties too! That's my "Sassy Space Cat" character sketch, Dromiceiomimus! He's available for the role of title protagonist ONLY.
I'll say it again: if I had one wish, it'd be "Tell me how long it's going to take until everyone realizes they should never argue with me about Back to the Future".
Hah! It would be awesome if there was a clock wipe right now, cutting to me three minutes later, behind bars and shouting "I believe there's nothing particularly funny about my new circumstances!"
off-screen: The Mayan Long Count calendar you're discussing doesn't end in our year 2012, it just rolls over to a new digit, much like the year 1 BC rolled over to 1 AD.
I'd love to go back in time and tell him "Hey man - of everyone here, you were the most right." Actually - I think I'd mostly just like to hear that myself.
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: I asked for size AWESOME!  ...And then I clarified that down to a size large.  Here you go, my friend! Thanks for being so great!
As a character in a comic, you have no true free will of your own.  Nor do you think at all! It is the author that will com up with the joke.
Flowers are nice, for all sexes and genders!   They're pretty and also - smell pretty?  Also!  It can be romantic to tell someone you love them.  Also, um.
When someone accidentally gets sent to the past, they always make sure to write a letter held in trust and delivered to their friends decades later, telling them that they made it alright!
And I made some great friends and did some cool things. Eventually, one of these things I did was to write a book about them. And that brings us up to the present!
Look, I know you want to take their side, Utahraptor, but there's no way those guys were - what, baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour?  They're planning something.
Look, I know you want to take their side, Utahraptor, but there's no way those guys were - what, baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour?  They're planning something.
But having a phrase ready for such a situation would be SO AWESOME, USEFUL AND BADASS that we should have one anyway. Something unlikely to arouse suspicion, even in someone who knows us!
Maybe I'll be wearing a Superman outfit, and in my pocket will be a note that says "I actually WAS Superman, comics were documentaries about me, make sure to tell everyone okay??" 
A major area of computational linguistics is that of "ambiguity resolution". It turns out that many things people say in a language - English, for example - can have more than one meaning!
Utahrapper: Yo yo, T-Blech! Can you help me and my home dinoz stomp out all the humans? If they don't die out soon, we'll lose the survival competition to these upstart primates, dawg!
T-Blech: Oh well! For some reason I feel as if the world would be better off without us! I only have one fear, Utahrapper: that the humans might one day invent reality television!
Then I'll be able to walk up to his friends and insult them! They'll think it's he who is the one who is insulting them! I could wear this costume ALL THE TIME.
Yep! It was on a SHARED lottery ticket that I SHARED with a friend of mine! Remember? The one you didn't want to SHARE with us because you wanted to buy your own?
It'll be great!  I'll move to a new town and START OVER.  Then every chance I have, I'll make the other decision:  the one I didn't make the first time!
I've had a great idea! I'm going to convince one of my friends that I have a magical ring. But the catch is, the ring only works if you are pure of heart!
Actually, I was hoping I'd run into you. I have a MAGIC RING that I'd like to give to you! But the catch is, it only works if you are pure of heart.
You're assuming that no voice is better than another.  But it's perfectly natural to seek variety of expression within a set format, in the arts as well as in life and society!
This is because many of the innovations in his Analytical Engine, such as conditional branching and a separation of processing and memory, were left to be re-discovered by a new generation of pioneers!
It says, "It was spooky night, with a ghost! The ghost was the spookiest ghost in the world, and he was so spooky that if you saw him you'd be scared, for real!"
This is why (if you've gone back into your own life far enough) using words and knowledge that are far beyo