That's just FRUSTRATED EXPECTATIONS. Honestly, why give James Bond a gun that shoots piranhas if he's never going to fire it? People truly want to see that in action. Also: guns that shoot chainsaws.
Listen. My joke is tremendously hilarious. It's a double joke, because 403 means "Forbidden" and there's a lock on the door. That is comedy right there. That is a one-way ticket to Laughtertowne, USA.
YES YOU DID. Baby Utah is CLEARLY based on me, and it's not even a flattering likeness. "I made a baby barfie"? I don't even talk like that! Babies don't even talk like that!!
IF YOU LEAVE MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT IT GETS INTEREST BUT IF IT'S NOT AS MUCH AS INFLATION YOU'RE ACTUALLY LOSING MONEY PLUS YOUR INVESTMENTS COULD BE MAKING MORE ON THE STOCK MARKET
It's just - every time you mention that you love Mr. Tusks, you mention that he's a tiny elephant.  You treat his tiny elephant status as if it sums up his entire personality!
Okay MAYBE there were some downsides to the Columbian explosion.  The old world got tomatoes and potatoes, AND corn and peanuts, AND rubber, AND cocoa, and in exchange gave the new world... lettuce?
So I went to the chiropractor, right? And he examined me and said "what happened to your back?" and I smiled at him and I said "well, Doc, let me tell you the BACKstory!"
The Devil is clearly trying to get me involved in a doubtlessly fruitless discussion of "OMG BEST VIDEO GAME SYSTEM EVAR" and I was hoping maybe you could take the ball on this one.
Synesthesia is an amazing neurological condition in which one sensory pathway involuntarily stimulates another.  The result is sensory overlap: tones with distinct tastes, letters of the alphabet with their own shades of colour!
I CAN'T EVEN GET RICHARD THE THIRD TO MOVE.  You know what my game is now?  My game is NIBBLES, with the text changed from "Copyright Microsoft 1990" to "man, forget this"
You know the trope in cartoons where there's a "help wanted" sign, and the unemployed hero will go into the store and take the sign down, because he's SO SURE he'll get the job?
INCIDENTALLY, Utahraptor, somebody just gave me a shower radio! Do I really want music in the shower? I guess there's no better place to dance than a slick surface next to a glass door.
When I was in high school, I'd increase the font size on all my periods from 12 points to 14 points, thereby extending my paper in a way that was very difficult to detect!
I really don't understand racism.  I get it at a "hey, here's what it is" level, but I don't understand how someone can really BE racist.  Don't they feel kind of... ridiculous?
I've noticed that some songs are quite good at evoking memories and moods. If I listen to a song I haven't listened to since high school, suddenly I am back in high school again!
The point is that dieting is about commiserating, and I'm the guy who shows up to the party saying "guys, it's not hard" and that my secret to weight-loss success is "um, eating less."
I don't know I have powers, and over and over again I stand by as everyone close to me gets injured OR WORSE in accidents I could have easily prevented, if only I knew!
Um, I'm thinking... That a lot of my internal conflict and malaise comes from the tensions between the life I ACTUALLY want to live, and the stories I'd love to be able to tell?
Instead of "T-Rex, we're dating": "T-Rex, we're eating an awful lot of picnics on Sundays", "T-Rex, we're hanging out more than can be politely explained away", "T-Rex, we're playing Mega Man in two-player mode".
A boat can float along for years without crew or sails or a working engine.  But if everyone disappears on an airplane it's not like we'll find it still flying around years later!
Okay so this game is called "Guess Two Thirds of the Average"! We all pick a number between 0 and 100 and guess what 2/3rds of the average of everyone else's guesses will be!
Long ago, actually! Ancient Greek had words for passionate love (eros), dispassionate love (philia), the love of family (storge), general affection (agape), and so on. Versions of these survive in modern Greek as well!
Most of Shakespeare's life is a mystery!  People spend their time reading his plays and saying "Man, this guy has dudes sailing from cities that are days away from large bodies of water."
At what point does plagiarism begin, though? When defining a word, especially in brief, it's possible you'd hit on the exact same word structure as someone else. That's not plagiarism, that's just "#8211;independent invention!
Part of the attraction to this structure may be its possibilities: most anything can happen in a bar, especially if this bar is contained within the wild and wooly world of the verbal jest.
Well! At least I now know that, EVERY DAY, we can each look ourselves in the mirror and ask, "Are the sum total of my accomplishments today greater than a slightly heated giant bathtub?"
I have come up with a totally original way to prevent my superintelligent email AI from trying to take over the world! And it's way more reliable than just programming in restrictions against that.
oh, the standard: She was a super pacifist but then realized she super liked punching dudes, and so swore on her parents' grave that from now on she would DEFINITELY try to do both.
Utahraptor (off screen): But T-Rex, couldn't each of those be filed under "Natural disasters"? And I've got good news for you: THE ODDS OF DYING IN A NATURAL DISASTER ARE ONLY 1 IN 4000!
And cultures universally consume food and water, which makes sense because otherwise they'd be dead. And cultures universally have beliefs about death and disease and cultures universally have concepts of both music and dance!
Like - maybe if someone has a question about Mario, they could ask me. Only the problem is, lots of other people also know about Mario too so there's nothing special about my knowledge!
You share a cultural context with other Mario fans, so there's your shibboleth to talk with them directly. At the same time, Mario is famous enough that nobody will be lost by a reference!
I'd love to know what my middle sentence is: the one right between my first "mama" or "dada" and my final "I confess, old bean, I never cared for durian". It might be revealing!
Sometimes people who disagree on the future will make a public bet: I bet the ice caps will melt in 10 years, you disagree, and we go public, each betting $1000 on the outcome!
I've been to like two weddings in my life, but I've seen them portrayed in media thousands of times! Is it SO WRONG to incorporate elements of these media portrayals into my own expectations??
You know, life's funny, Utahraptor. I woke up this morning convinced that it would be better to die in a skydiving accident at 16 than at 50. Now I don't know what to believe!
But apparently adding up the cost of your items while also including tax and tip remains and UNKNOWABLE DARK MAGICK even at 40. I'm dining tonight to see if it ever gets any better.
But what IS awesome is the idea of a ghost who just wants to be buried, but who, despite this one consuming desire, also can't resist pulling the old "increasing mass piggyback ride" prank.
A better question is "where were they THEN?" and the answer is "Originally, the big bang, where all that makes you was blasted out of the same stuff that your enemies also came from."
All the major governments have published Food Guides, which do exactly what your Nutrinomicon purports to do: divide food into groups, and describe how much of each group is allowable for a balanced diet.
I may be a bit idle, a bit unfocused, but at least I haven't had a night where all sense left my life! That's for darn sure! Incidentally, criminals are a superstitious, cowardly lot!
I'll be honest, I haven't read any Green Lantern comics. He's got that power ring, right? And he can make giant green fists with it? And robot suits? Can he make robot suits sometimes?
You were raised on fairy tales, where there were no moral grey areas, where good and bad were clear, where there was never any real doubt over which side would win in the end!
Aha, my friend, so it would seem! But it actually refers to a horse, which at some point in the past was raced past a barn, and now that same horse has fallen over!
It's a time for us to reflect on all the great things we have, such as food and shelter! You spend an evening with friends and family. Want to come over for American Thanksgiving?
I feel as if I've spent the past year in some sort of alternate reality!  Indeed, if I were to describe my adventures over the past several months, I would describe them as...
And then we cut to years afterwards, when they're old and stooped, holding hands out on the porch, and THEN the Earth stops in its orbit and they fly off together into the sky!
Any series of 1s and 0s can be converted (quite easily) into a regular number! So, for instance, your favorite song is contained - quite literally - in one single, 4 million digit number.
Well, I hope wherever the Utahraptor ended up, he's alright.  Maybe he landed in a Universe just like ours, but where one simple thing has undergone a sinister - and illustrative - change!
Personally, I rely on my rugged physique and piercing orange eyes (in which, because they are so deep and soulful, one feels they could drown), coupled with my delightful conversational skills and coquettish flair!
I was down at the beach last week and there were all these adorable little hermit crabs running around!  They were so cute that I scooped up a bunch and brought them home!
Okay! So, we get a couple - no! - a polyamorous CROWD of people, who all want to have a child, but who are all infertile. So! Then we get a donated fertilized egg...
I'm of the belief that some businessmen who are never in the office could really use them, but that most people don't REALLY need one. Therefore, they are allowed to be teased by me!
The only other medical secret I know is that doctors may discreetly ask an elderly patient about his central vision by asking him if he has any trouble reading the numbers on his stove.
All I really wanted to point out was that it's cool to think about these things sometimes.  You know, like chance jobs where you met friends (or perhaps LOVERS?) - things like that!
Yeah, quite a sinister development!  The two animals I find the freakiest develop the ability to talk and move in next door?  I do not need to know animals with these abilities!
No, really! It's an expression of love, which is almost by definition inexpressible to someone else. Marrying young probably just seems crazy to you because you didn't meet the right person at that age!
Though they never advanced beyond the prototype stage, his engines were some of the first machines that transformed physical labour (turning a crank) into mental labour (summing two numbers). It was a revolutionary idea!
Have you ever found yourself in a relationship that required at least a few sentences to explain what was going on, that couldn't be summed up in a single word like "boyfriend" or "ex-girlfriend"?
Maybe, but I don't think so!  We're different, more mature people now, and if we make sure it's more casual - less high expectations, less intense - I really think it could work!
So there's no real way to tell if anyone is a philosophical zombie. This is the same old "I'm only REALLY sure of my own consciousness" argument, only sexed up with the living dead!
Long enough! Look, about yesterday: I'm sorry I said what I did. I've just been a little stressed lately. Also, stop saying "wigged out". I know you like it, but it really annoys me.
Being unemployed was sort of the dream, but now I realize that it just leaves me with a lot of free time, and I feel useless and unaccomplished at the end of the day!
Yes! Although, you DO raise some of the fundamental problems with the theory: there's no pleasure calculus to measure happiness, especially not one that can take into account the long-term consequences of our actions.
When you're practicing, you're more aware of what you're doing, examining your own actions actions with an eye for improvement. It's a focus one dosen't have while simply eating as a matter of routine.
And YES, I understa