Morris: yeah! and i dunno what i did wrong because i went to bed like normal last night but when i woke up in the morning i had zombie disease! so it was real embarrassing
You fire your dehumanizer ray on every alien you see! The explosions are so great. They're awesome. Each one is better than the last. Oh my goodness. Suddenly, you realize relationships are based on trust!
I'm talking to you from over here because you're smelly, T-Rex. I'm saying this as your friend. You smell like there was an explosion at the onion factory, and you were caught at ground zero.
Now I'm way over here because I can ACTUALLY SEE stink lines coning off of you. There are little cartoon fish skeletons between the stink lines. You know what they're whispering in my ear, T-Rex?
Pete writes, "Dear Professor Science, we never got to hear your answer yesterday.  Is the moon slowing down the Earth?  Best regards, Pete.  P.S.: T-Rex is a bad delivery person for mail."
. . . in ancient Greece, as a term referring to people who are self-interested to the point of being anti-social. THAT WAS WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY. We weren't talking about you, Idiot!
The point is, in today's modern culture, subscribing to magazines is the easiest way to say "Hey. These are the sorts of things I am interested in. I am $2.50 a month interested in snowmobiles."
I like the name Beth, but I ALSO like how I could say things like the classic "She's the Beth of both worlds" and the sassy "the Beth I could have hoped for". Hee hee!
Hi, Dromiceiomimus. You're probably wondering why I'm stomping on this house. The reason is that I think we need to have a talk, and this was an excuse for us to spend some time together.
Most banks aren't even evil but this one was pretty bad.  Imagine the worst things you can do.  I will tell you right now that this bank did them five times before breakfast.
They need explanation!  The best scares are like the best art, where you get it viscerally, without a little placard beneath it that says "OKAY.  SO.  WHAT'S GOING ON HERE IS ALZHEIMER'S."
But he's by the books!  I don't think there's anything in the "books" about deputizing criminals to go after other criminals.  Why wouldn't he just interrogate him to get the information he needs?
It sucks, Dromiceiomimus! People stop me in the street and say "I love your work", and what do you say to that? "I'm glad you found my stories arousing"? Because that's- that's what I say.
I've got a great idea, Dromiceiomimus: stories for women! Stories with FEELINGS. Stories where someone sighs deeply while looking at a photograph of someone else! In the photograph that someone else is ALSO sighing deeply.
But T-Rex, think of all the stories in which the characters are running around in a realistic universe, unaware that they're fictional!  DUDE!  It's overwhelmingly likely that WE'RE in a story right now!
See, Dromiceiomimus, my new plan is to visit alternate universes to take back objects and ideas from them! Hopefully that will be much easier than using godless science to violate the natural laws of time?
That's a great example. Shakespeare wrote some fantastic plays, but there's only so many of them. But infinite parallel Shakespeares on infinite parallel typewriters pretty much have to give us some terrific pieces of literature!
This is crazy!  You can't just pluck an emotion out of the psyche, and we don't have technology that even approaches this.  When did you ever think you were going to do this?
Anyway, things progress and characters keep saying "What is with this... Series of Disasters?" It's so good, Utahraptor. Volcanoes erupt, earthquakes strike, and meteors hit just as soon as all the other stuff gets boring.
Listen, if there's a group of people on stage and they start out throwing out "wouldn't it be nice if WE were older"s, I don't imagine a hypothetical female third party! I look at THEM.
What I want is a to-do list on my hand, only it says "Be awesome" and that's crossed out, and then "Get tattoo" and that's crossed out, and then "Sex up the person reading this".
The whole idea of the cold/warm blooded binary is discredited.  It turns out there's an entire spectrum of thermal management possibilities between these two misleadingly-named endpoints!  In any case, you're warm blooded. 
You know those suicide barriers that are placed on some bridges? They're usually things like closely-spaced metal wires going up and running the length of the bridge, to prevent folks from hopping over the edge.
Romance is about two CHARACTERS meeting and falling in love, but all you've got is narrative. We don't really know anything about your protagonists, so we don't care what happens to them. Flesh them out!
T-REX THE MAUSOLEUM AND HANGING GARDENS AND COLOSSUS AND LIGHTHOUSE WERE ALL DESTROYED BY EARTHQUAKES LEAVING THE STATUE OF ZEUS TO BURN DOWN AND THE GREAT PYRAMID OF GIZA TO UM CONTINUE TO HANG AROUND
You'll get a new name and a new reputation AND a new driver's license, and I'll get to say "Oh, him?  He's my mysterious friend, Utahraptore."  All you need to do is sign!
FICTION.  As a man who is attuned with the world around him, I make up stories that SEEM real, but are actually just lies that I imagined!  It's called "writing"; look it up?
Passerby: So he rushes over and puts a hand on the guy's shoulder and says "Oh my God, are you okay?  Are you doing alright?" and the guy says "I make a comfortable living!"
It's a small enough issue that I can understand it fully, AND it's a problem I can solve at night with my fists.  I can't solve global warming at night with my fists, Utahraptor.
Deus Ex Machina is the most excellent of all literary techniques because it's the only one where God shows up and says "Hey fellas, what the heck's going on?" and then solves all the problems.
EVERYONE knows that Macbeth ends with Lady Macbeth going back in time and stopping the murder, and then she and Macbeth go to the future, which is the 1800s, which is actually the past now.
And it USED to be a good adjective, until Daffy Duck showed up and stole it and now when I say "daffy" everyone thinks "duck"! He only wants the adjective for himself! He got GREEDY.
Alright, that's it. Attention, everyone! I have an announcement to make! I don't know when people started using "brain" as a verb, but i find  I am forced to give it my full endorsement!!
My friend, you took helicopter rides and white water rafting, two awesome things, and the best you could imagine to do with them was commute and buy your groceries?  THOSE ARE OLD PEOPLE DREAMS.
Yeah, any disease can have an idiopathic version, meaning for all intents and purposes that it arises spontaneously, with no detectable physical cause. All we can do is shrug and try to treat the symptoms!
What idle, passing notions briefly entertained you before falling asleep last night?  What snack did you sneak last week?  All this information is known by only one person in the entire universe: YOU.
I don't want to comment on whether or not it was a nice naked crotch!  It was fine.  I only looked out of some weird instinct.  I think we've all got it.
Ah, no, it's hilarious because he's the opposite of me! He's a vegan while I'm adding meat to my milkshakes. When I'm high fiving people left and right, he's sitting around just leaving 'em hanging!
If you're waiting for me to apologize, I won't! Maybe if more of us worked harder on evolving beyond the need for friggin' mortal bodies, WE WOULDN'T STILL HAVE A NEED FOR FRIGGIN' MORTAL BODIES??
ON ONE HAND THESE GAMES APPEAL TO THOSE OUTSIDE THE STANDARD GAMING DEMOGRAPHIC AND THUS SERVE TO BROADEN THE APPEAL OF THE MEDIUM AND DISPEL SOME NEGATIVE STEREOTYPES ABOUT THOSE WHO PARTAKE OF ELECTRONIC ENTERTAINMENT
People are done with mugs that say cute things like "I Hate Mondays" or "World's Best Dad". We want realist mugs! Mugs that say things like "Maybe Mondays Aren't The Problem; Maybe I'm The Problem."
Most detective stories reveal clues to the reader as they progress through the book, allowing them to unravel the mystery with the characters, and, if they're good, figure out the mystery before the detective does!
M