I've thought of the best story!  Oh goodness.  This story will make me RICH.  It will make me PRIME MINISTER of being rich.  I will be awarded a doctorate in APPLIED RICHOLOGY.
Or MAYBE I should be happy that I basically wrote two books in as many days, and got them published in an afternoon, and that's kinda impressive even if they aren't selling that well so far??
Indeed!! But that slang actually comes from the insurance industry: there, if a car is damaged, and the cost of repairs is greater than the TOTAL value of the vehicle, then it's said to be totalled!
Anyway, dear recipient of this card: the sender had a good time last night, even though you didn't have sex with him! You don't NEED to have sex to have a good time. Just like me!
I get to spend the rest of my life being in on a great joke, and knowing that after I'm dead some honest tradespeople are going to be spooked, then intrigued, then cheezed off at me!
Issues! You're building a robotic punching machine that can punch a whole room of people at once! What if the elderly were in the audience? What if it was calibrated wrong and punched through a guy?
And I know the best comics just make it look easy and I know it's hard to get a room full of strangers to laugh, but NEVERTHELESS, I am utterly convinced that I could do it.
In a good story, they function as punctuation marks. Hamlet says "To be or not to be", and the building behind him blows up. It is spectacular. The audience whispers, "Yes. This is what Shakespeare meant."
Sometimes they go off in the background and they barely glance over their shoulder at them. Sometimes they outrun them down halls or by climbing up ladders real fast. It depends on the scene, you know?
TV: Up next, we have a man who claims he was cursed by a Greek god, and who has preternatural knowledge of what the winning clips will be on every episode of America's Funniest Home Videos.
Nope, it's terrible. Why not forget about t-butyl mercaptan and instead get your hands on some cadaverine and putrescine, which are the organic compounds responsible for how a corpse smells? It's a much more hilarious joke!
To whom? "Hi! You seem like a woman who appreciates her Nazi memorabilia"? No, I can't just pass this off on someone else: it just shifts these issues onto them. I've got to handle this myself.
Of course! It was a great way to extend the length of my essay, AND it made my points more emphatic. "Trees are tall and pretty" became "Trees are very tall and very very pretty. Verily!"
Radio (quietly): I see leaves of green / red onions too / I see them here, for me and you / And I think to myself: / "What A Wonderful Pre-Packaged Asian-Style Salad from Loblaw's Grocery."
I'm going to use it to explore PREJUDICE. What's it like to be a man of tears in a world where most men don't even like to cry at weddings? He faces a lot of preconceptions.
Soaps have long-running narratives, but characters die all the time. The difference is soaps focus on PREMISE rather than individuals, so they're not killing a cash cow when someone dies. They just bring in someone new!
As people with bodies AND assumed souls, we find the idea of divorcing one from the other terrifying; therefore, the only way we can explore the consequences of these is through the lens of horror. Tada!
I'm serious! The "new Lolita" has nothing to do with the old one, and nothing interesting happens except when "LoHEta" shows up, explains that he's the new manly male Lolita, and then leaves the narrative entirely.
In the 15th and 16th centuries, spoken English changed dramatically, with vowels changing pronunciation and moving upwards in the mouth. Before it, we all sounded like ye olde-fashioned chumps. Afterwards, we all sounded hip and modern!
Well, instead of saying "I just ate less", why not say "while portion control remains the most important part of weight loss, healthier choices and an active lifestyle all contribute towards positive changes in our lives"?
Screaming doesn't fix the problem, it just draws attention to your bruisey foot. And when your scream is followed by cursing, THAT just says "My foot hurts now, and I believe this is equivalent to poo."
"I'm so glad you've come by," she said. "I ordered this hat from the specialty thunder-lizard haberdashery, but it's the wrong size! It looks like it might fit you, though - would you care for it?"
If Two accepts, they both take their money and go their separate ways.  But if Two rejects, NOBODY gets any money.  And the game is played only once, so there's no worry about reprisals.
Because when he dies, the police are going to ask "Who stands to gain?" and now there's a giant MILLION-DOLLAR ARROW pointing right to me, signed and notarized! Insurance policies are instant motive! JUST ADD DEATH!
Utahraptor [[from outside the panel]]: It's just I got the policy free through work, and I named you as a nice gesture? It doesn't even pay a million dollars. I'm pretty sure it's capped at $200,000.
- ultravomit, a new form of vomit that was digesting him alive!  As his skin began to dissolve, T-Rex's face melted, slid down the side of his neck, and plopped onto the ground.  
I was 10 the last I painted! And it was muscley dog doing the splits. And I'm sure Leonardo could have painted it better. And I'm pretty sure I'm talking about the Ninja Turtle there. 
We can do whatever we want, Dromiceiomimus!  We can gently tap on the ice.  We can rub our cheeks on the ice.  WE CAN SMASH THROUGH THE ICE WITH A SUPERHEATED NUCLEAR BOMB!!
But have you considered that no song stays popular forever? There's bound to be a backlash, and the faster a song becomes popular, the greater the backlash to it once it begins to fall from favour!
There's just the knowledge that audits can happen for any reason, AND the knowledge that there's no statute of limitations for tax fraud, even accidental, and that the only other crime with such status is MURDER.
The amygdala doesn't just do fear, anyway: it's also responsible for long-term memory rentention! The more emotional the memory, the better it's stored. If you lose it you also lose the ability to learn from feelings!
"The second is at the end of the first fortress: fly above where the door is. The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2!"
"The second is at the end of the first fortress: fly above where the door is. The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2!"
TODAY IS SPECIAL BECAUSE TODAY IS THE DAY I ACHIEVE 10 BILLION POINTS IN THE ARCADE VERSION OF "NIBBLER" WHICH YOU WILL NOTE IS A FULL ORDER OF MAGNITUDE HIGHER THAN WHAT HAS BEEN ACHIEVED BEFORE
T-Rex, the "here to say / somethingest guy in the USA" combination is older than dust, and adding "rappingest" is like pouring extra dust from an old folk's home over it. A Pangean old folk's home.
But this sentence is just gonna be something random anyway. Why not choose a random sentence from your diary and avoid, um, THE NEED TO LIVE IN A SURVELLIANCE STATE THAT RECORDS EVERY SINGLE SPEECH ACT?
AS the story progresses, the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved, and instead of describing the actions of the detective, indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall.
AS the story progresses, the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved, and instead of describing the actions of the detective, indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall.
Obviously I'd rather have an alive grandparent than a dead one, but I can see the advantage at the societal level in not having folks with mores thousands of years out of date still rinning around!
But Shakespeare wrote it for a CHARACTER, which doesn't mean that he personally believed it. You can write a story about a mad scientist and not actually want to wear retro aviator goggles all the time.
If I could increase my mass, you can bet I'd be going for gag piggyback rides ALL THE TIME! As it stands though, all I can do is eat fruit from passing trees DURING the ride.
Utahraptor, I can live in a world of immutable scientific laws, or I can live in a world where I need to revenge myself on my kitchen floor because it smashed up a glass I dropped.
Stephen Hawking is a smart guy; it makes sense he'd get there first. However, did he ever say maybe time tourists are ALREADY walking among us, but they've disguised themselves so well that we've never noticed?
A false document is when you refer to or quote books and stuff that don't exist in  real life, but your whole story pretends like they actually do.  Like when Shakespeare reads the dictionary!
Or the south pole, I'm not picky. But I want to be perfectly preserved in some cavern somewhere, so that when future generations stumble upon me, they'll say "Oh, gross. There's a dead guy in here."
Because Utahraptor, it means that today is the first time in history, in ALL OF EXISTENCE, that a dinosaur - me! - did anything from the exact location in the universe that we're at right now!
Try to remember interesting stories about yourself. Having such stories close at hand allows you both to fill in awkward gaps in conversation, and also acts to give people a quick, hopefully representative picture of yourself!
Not hardly! But I do want to be able to testify under oath, that I, T-Rex, am an AWESOME DUDE. It will go in the official court record! It will probably be reported in the papers!
I see now that I've been petty and unfair and all I really wanted was to have a little of your attention.  Can you ever forgive me and let me admire you from a distance?
You can't copyright a fact (like a number), but you can copyright a creative work, like a song or a piece of software. But since one can be transformed into another, copueight law is logically INCOHERENT.
Yeah! Then all you have to do is count the amount of time between when you got the 'start' and 'end' bits, and that's your number! Transform it into binary code, and you've got your file!
But I guess no matter where he is, this is the end of our daily conversations...  I don't know what I'm going to do with the second half of my day if he's not around.
It's a real shame that all those great careers I wanted as a child will probably never come true for me. I'll never get to be an austronaut, a race car driver, or a movie star!
Clearly, my body is UNDEREVOLVED. Being able to be burnt by the sun - which, I don't have to remind you, Dromiceiomimus, shines on the Earth EVERY DAY - seems to be a pretty big limitation!
I would be doomed to being a second-tier character in my own life! No one (including myself) would care what I was up to, when there was someone exactly like me only he didn't get sunburns!
Hello, Dromiceiomimus, and I am glad to see YOU! Today I've decided to heck with being polite, and I'm saying whatever's on my mind, and you get to be the first person to talk to me!
We can just return to our utopia of old, before money turned us all into greedy, money-obsessed, quasi-people!  Right, Dromiceiomimus?  Right! Money is an aberration that lessens us all!  We don't need it!
But I feel like everyone - all of us - could have done so much then, if only we handn't spent so many nights at home watching a movie or sitting in front of a computer!
Damn straight Dromiceiomimus! I am recently ALL ABOUT adding "man" in front of things to make them sound all the more manly. You should see me man snooze! I man snooze with a pure MAN FURY.
T-Rex, as soon as you place the camera somewhere, you're making a value judgment about what's worth seeing and what's not.  You're privileging what's in front of the camera over what's behind it: that's political!
History does not record, unfortunately, what must have been a stellar retort on the part of T-Rex. Of this, however, we can be certain: he was an awesome dude. One is advised to tell one's friends!
I'm feeling alright! I just don't understand how all this happened. How did you manage to screw up time itself? And since time and space are a continuum, wouldn't you have screwed up space itself too?
I bet that if I was absolutely, universally, honest and neve