It's a popular name!  And all I'm gonna do is invent a new verb: JENNIF.  Then, suddenly, everyone named Jennifer is saying that they are the ones who jennif!  They LOVE to jennif.  They are JENNIFERS.
Book Cover Text: he didn't dial the wrong number and then break up with you because he thought you were somebody else with the same name that he no longer wanted to be cheating on you with, is the thing
I mean, and don't take this the wrong way, but I thought your erotica was pretty terrible! But I'm realizing I was approaching it expecting, you know, naughty tales, but your audience must have found something else they liked there!
Right! So that leaves us, the dinosaurs, to introduce the two species and watch one of them get gobbled! Have we done that? Or have we been shirking our Decadent Tops of the Food Chain responsibility of Unnatural Carnivore Pairings?
There is nuance, subtlety in the placement of the Friggin'. Contrast and compare The Friggin' Sound of Music; Guess Who's Coming to Friggin' Dinner; Big Friggin' Trouble in Little Friggin' China; and Yes, Virginia, There Is A Friggin' Santa Claus.
WELL, I've been seeing this new guy, and it's nice.  We went out to a movie last night and he held my hand when the lights went down.  It was classy!  And things are good with you?
Hah hah! This is Utahraptor: "Hey, T-Rex, do you want to drink some cola-flavoured Coca-Cola brand carbonated cola beverages? Perhaps afterwards we'll take the public transport large road vehicle bus and buy with money or credit some submarine sub sandwiches?"
You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come. You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve his problems with his fists, and when he's done his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
Okay YEAH it's obvious, but it works!  And it can be customized to any environment.  Self-help?  "Do what you want, but want what you do."  Writers?  "Write what you know, but know what you write."
It's my Emergency Resume, used only in situations in which I really really want the job. If it's a regular old job it gets the regular old resume, but if it's a really good job, I bust out the "E.R."
So I've been doing RESEARCH.  I've been going to Comedy Club after Komedy Klub and figuring out how their performers make jokes.  It's easy to duplicate the bad comedians, but it's hard to figure out the good ones!
T-Rex's story: Hamlet II dreamed he was the lead singer of C+C Music Factory. He woke up. "C+C Music Factory?" he thought shaking his head. "How irrelevant." He then focused himself on the seriously erotic business of being Hamlet II.
Not really! It was disturbing until I realized what happened, and then it was still kinda disturbing, but in a "I wish I slept with someone on a regular basis because they'd be so FREAKED OUT by this" kinda way.
Yeah! It blows my mind that there's a phrase you have to say. There's TESTS to become Jewish, and you can be Buddhist just by saying so. But Islam is right in the middle! No tests, just a magic phrase!
Your honour, if I steal, I get a few years in jail. If I murder, I get a LIFETIME in jail. But if I forget to eat for a few days or breathe for a few minutes, I DIE FOREVER?
Every good superhero power is taken. He's invulnerable - oh, there's Superman. Okay, he CAN be hurt, but he recovers: oh, hey Wolverine! Okay, he CAN be hurt, and then, he dies. Oh, Batman's at this party too? Hey Batman.
Everyone knows that the 1920s were awesome ultimate fun times (on account of flappers and swing music!), and everyone knows that the 1970s were a decade of bad decision after bad decision: a cacophony of just - really bad decisions.
No, so you'd know that a "patron of the arts" doesn't just mean you go to galleries.  It means you give a significant amount of money to support art and artists!  It's where you put your disposable income.
I was saying, I don't have any evidence that ghosts can't create universes.  Maybe they just CHOOSE not to, you know?  Maybe they've got enough hassles without adding a whole new UNIVERSE on top of them.  
I dunno, Sound's a wave that travels THROUGH the medium it's in, right, so I'd imagine that's mostly oscillation, not displacement. If you talk to me from across the room, I'm not being splattered with air from inside your lungs.
You give this guy enough radiation to kill a dinosaur, and it survives. Then you give it 500 times that dose, and it still shrugs it off! Dudes are friggin' NIGH-INVINCIBLE against radiation. Just like, or so I suspect, myself!
Something!  ANYTHING.  We're awesome AND we have disposable income - why do we have dull evenings?  Why aren't we taking helicopter rides to the grocery store?  Why aren't we WHITE WATER RAFTING into our friggin' jobs?
It doesn't seem like it: you're always trying to change it to something with more of a punchline to it. But jokes get old! And if your name's a joke, you'll be the first one to get tired of it.
We'd all be a heck of a lot more productive if work was as entertaining as - you know, entertainment! In particular, I'd be a lot better off if learning accounting was as relentlessly entertaining as learning, I don't know...
As a consequence, my own actions can no longer be judged by any public idea of right or wrong!  As experience is amoral, even my own conscience cannot judge my actions, and I am free from reproach and judgment!
I'll tell you what's gonna happen: AIs will happily take over email, sending replies that eventually only other AIs will respond to. Released from the shackles of responding to email, we'll become decadent, fat and complacent. We'll DIE OFF, Utahraptor.
I had this realization just now so I haven't done much with it, but I do hope I meet a Hakeem soon so I can exclusively refer to him as "Hakeem the Human", over and over and over again! HILARIOUS.
But the number and diversity of inheritable deviations of structure, both those of slight and those of considerable physiological importance, is endless.  Dr. Prosper Lucas's treatise, in two large volumes, is the fullest and the best on this subject.
But every time I go he asks, and every time I feel like I let him down - personally, you know?  Like he has twenty kids and I'm the only one who doesn't floss and he doesn't know why.
It's called the fouth wall in theatre because of the three walls of the set, isn't it? In comics, wouldn't we call it the fifth wall? The first four walls would be the four sides of the panel, wouldn't they?
For instance, some might say that the destruction of this log cabin violates fundamental principles. But if I were to show that it is a necessary means to a noble end, such arguments are revealed to be petty and ideological!
Kind of!  But I think what affects me the most if the idea of someone coming that close to achieving at least a type of immortality, and then losing it to something as natural and ordinary as glancing away.
Yeah, what if you ended up being sad? It would be so tragic, especially if you had been pretty happy up to now! You'd feel - and you'd KNOW - that one day it's all going to go horribly wrong.
Yeah, but - couldn't a machine intelligence just press some mental button to emulate a cool breeze or any other sensual sensation?  And since they don't really exist yet, I'm not sure why you're arguing small points about them?
I also suspect that I'm not supposed to notice - but wow!  There are pretty girls EVERYWHERE.  They're just walking around, chatting with their friends, being attractive.  I like to look at them!  They're so pretty!
Yeah, that's true.  but whenever birds settle in an environment where there are no predators, the first thing they lose is their ability to fly.  It seems the evolutionary purpose of flight is simply to avoid being eaten!
It's just that it's such an odd image of childhood, and that you came up with it before other more popular images, like splashing in puddles or whatever! Did you once memorably chase naked after a bird? Is that it?
FOR EXAMPLE: the other day I saw some kids who had dropped their bag of marbles. It was a stereotypical image of childhood! But when I stopped to help them pick them