Morris: aw, that probably just means i've messed up somewhere again. the problem is that i'm not real good at biting people, you know? and biting people is all zombies do! i didn't know, but being a zombie is an awful hassle
Chekhov's gun is when you have something conspicuously introduced early on in the story, but which doesn't become important until later on! It happens whenever Shakespeare loudly mentions how he loves Pop Tarts, and later he eats a bunch of Pop Tarts!
But I guess what I like about Chuckles and his fetish is that it's so impossible, so doomed. He's got this sexual ideal that he'll never reach! He's like the guy who gets turned on by entropy decreasing in a closed system.
I get the sentiment, but I think it's a better idea on paper than realized.  In real life, even if we survive, we'll end up weighing the cost of a plane ticket against a decade-old pact made for no real reason!
No, I didn't. I saw you say "you can't do that to Batman" and then say "I know! I know!!" and then I though "It's a good thing you're not easily embarrassed, Utahraptor. You're a good guy for not being easily embarrassed."
You APPEAR to help the Nazis in the film, but then you let me get away with murdering one at the end so that Ilsa and her weaksauce husband can go to America.  The movie should really be about OUR relationship!
But now, it seems instead of a computer I've got this MAGIC FEELINGS BOX on my desk, and when my feelings box feels like I deserve music, I get it, and when it doesn't, I don't. It's voodoo, Dromiceiomimus! It is voodoo.
And I already have tons of ideas, like "Richard the Third the Game"!  In the introductory thematic you trade your kingdom for a horse, and then you spend the rest of the game riding around your old kingdom on a horse.
I have a problem. I have come into possession of a pin from the 1935 Nuremberg Rally, and I really don't know what to do with it. Hitler's face is on the pin. It's a Nazi pin! *I* have a Nazi pin!
I'm trapped! I can't just throw it out, because it's History. But there's no way I'm selling it, either: I don't want to profit from, um, NAZIS, and I wouldn't want to sell to anyone who'd be interested in buying it anyway.
Look, I just want to be able to use "daffy" again. I want to say, "What a daffy car that is!" and have nobody get that far-off "Huh, I wonder if they're still putting Daffy Duck on mugs" look in their eyes.
Just because you've conquered everything about painting TODAY doesn't mean you've also conquered everything about painting in the future. You're in privileged position of a master painter: from that high vantage point, maybe you can see where the medium can go next!
And this is why I feel bad! I didn't know that I was making fun of one of the Elder Gods of language! I thought I was making fun of "The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude".
And for who? For a child I knew decades ago, a child who had long since faded into adulthood - into me. Anyway bottom line I had to see food go to waste so I poured the rest through your mail slot.
If I've got to die, I'd rather it's from being too awesome than being too old, you know? I want my obit to tell a story that doesn't end with "and then his body decined until it stopped working entirely, the end."
Yes really. I don't see the paragon of manhood as being able to successfully deliver sperm to the most eggs.  It's a very literally biological view of manliness, you know?  I think we as a gender can aim higher. 
Ok, let me explain. Unlike a typical CYOA with pages that set up different story branches with some detail, these shifting panels have us fly by the seat of our pants! Each one has to be generic to fit whatever preceded it.
And NOW let's say the escalator is long enough and smart enough that it increases its speed so that I never reach the bottom, and as my sliding speeds up, the escalator speeds up!  I can now be EXTREMELY AWESOME FOREVER!
Sure, but one small shift in orbit, a slight change in temperature, and it's a catastrophe on a global scale. There's no wiggle room; if our f