That's still awesome, right? It seems that 10 years ago people were more into rock stars and being rock stars than they are now. But I am a rock star and it is my job to sing rock songs on stage and in CD players!!
So she finishes with, "IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK".  Why won't anyone take what Mark says at face value?  Am I right, Professor?  ...  That's comedy, Professor.  It's beyond the reach of your previous "science".
ALL YOU CAN DO is hope to use your real-world knowledge about crops and tables to figure out what's going on.  And it's even worse with words like "overlook", meaning "examine" but ALSO meaning "miss noticing entirely".  Can't rely on the noun there!
That's TERRIBLE. T-Rex, you're supposed to use it to recontextualize an innocuous statement into a double entendre, not to indicate that both people on the date were happy. Here, say it after I stop talking. "You can stay in my guest house for a week."
That way, rather than relying on friction and stuff to manage the position of the skateboarder, I can just tilt the incline up or down in order to keep them in the right position. Then, hey presto, it works and physics is happy! FOR ONCE.
And I realized: if I do have this giant fan, it'll be way more fun to use it OFFENSIVELY than it'd be to simulate skating indoors. So anyway, I bought the fan, installed it on my house and now I blow enemies off my lawn.
That takes into account times I hit my head on low-hanging chandeliers, and times when enemies punch my head. Okay, so that's, what - 243 days of consciousness a year? 66% of the year. I've had almost 18 years of consciousness since I was born.
That God has to be the biggest fanboy ever!  Who knows more about every Star Trek episode than God?  Who knows more about each and every comic, anime and manga series EVER CONCEIVED than God?  He's like this ultimate obsessive fanboy nerd!
THE AIR SURROUNDING YOU SI THERE DUE TO THE COMPLEX  AND RANDOM MOTION OF GAS MOLECULES. IT'S POSSIBLE THAT EACH AND EVERY MOLECULE COULD HAPPEN TO BOUNCE AWAY FROM YOU AT THE EXACT SAME MOMENT, LEAVING YOU ASPHYXIATING TO DEATH IN A COMPLETE VACUUM.
In my story there's a new Lolita, and she's thirty, and she goes out with a man who's also thirty and from a similar economic and social background! They get married and have some okay times. Years later, all the characters die of old age!
If it works, I can go further, also consigning smells and foods to certain periods in my life! I'll be an old man, looking up "first marriage" in my database, and then reaching for a record player and my first bite of Wensleydale in years.
What if they saw my interest in smooching as indicative of feelings of sexual inadequacy? What if they see my stepping on houses as symbolic of the way I let my rugged manly heart step on all but the most amusing of emotions it experiences?
Well most cars have one horn that only makes one tone, right? So the only paths for sentiment encoding are honk duration and count. Maybe one honk from that guy means "Hey sexy!!" and two short honks means "Wait a minute! You're not so sexy!!"
Anyway, what I meant was this: how do we know what food we ate contributed to which parts of our bodies?  Put simply, Professor, last week I ate a salami sandwich.  I have but one simple question: IS THAT SALAMI NOW MY BRAIN??
We just have to give it time, okay?  We'll all go and do something else for a while, when we come back there'll be oil EVERYWHERE.  The place will be rotten with it, and then we can stuff that into our cars, okay?
And then you throw in an orphan with a crutch! And a little girl holding the limp string and rubbery plastic remains of her only birthday gift this year, a balloon with the words "Happy Birthday Naseem!" printed on it. The girl's name is Jenn.
That fails to consider extenuating circumstances, like the fact that maybe I'm Batman! So I'm stuck. I know it's useful to allow the police to make exceptions, but I don't want my freedom dependent on whether I get a nice cop or a mean one!
Robin's girlfriend didn'