Hooray!  You agree with the sphere shape and so have won this adventure.  By glossing over the inconvenient details, we have shown that the universe will last forever in an infinite series of expansion and contraction!  That means that YOU get one hundred points.
What I'm going to do is get a construction crew to put a skeleton, wearing workman's clothes, RIGHT IN MY HOUSE'S WALLS. Then, when my house is torn down in the future, the deconstruction crew will wonder which of their unlucky cousins faced such a grim demise!
What if I started my OWN waterslide, but put a fine layer of gasoline on top, and then lit it, so that when you slide you could slide through FIRE (EXTREME!!), but then if it got too hot, you'd just have to go underwater to "cool down"?
Yeah, early Western entrepreneurs tried to duplicate the successful Chinese snake oil they saw, but it failed to recognize the reason it had SOME effect was Chinese water snakes are high in eicosapentaenic acid, an anti inflammatory agent! Western snakes aren't, and so their medicine didn't work.
Well, they can just come up and say "I'm going to shake your belly so tell me if it hurts", but that primes the patient, and they'll be LOOKING to feel pain.  The bump can get you an unsolicited result and lets you quickly ascertain degree!
I acknowledge I have finite room on my body for "the tats", but I don't think I'm THAT indecisive. Anyway, once I have the Enterprise shooting Batman shooting gun eyes shooting a butterfly, I think I'll be happy. I just - I can't ever see regretting that.
Today is the day I find I'm no longer immersed in popular culture.  I used to be SUBMERGED in it, but now I'm not even in the lake! I'm on the shore, dripping wet, furrowing my brow and pointing at the lake in confusion.  
Besides, honesty can help the dumped person improve. They can say "maybe my sassiness IS at all-time highs!!" instead of saying "GEEZ I wish whoever controlled our fates would stop being such a DICK", saying "DICK" really loudly so the fate controlling entity is sure to hear.
But it occurs to me there are situations where ignorance is bliss!  For example, imagine if you knew all about how the worst moment of your life would go down.  You'd spend a bunch of your time saying "Aw dang, that's STILL going to suck!"
If I just want to be friends, I just want to be friends! And if I'm saying "It's not you, it's me", then I'm also saying. "Frig, man, I've got to go pull myself together! I'm dropping the ball here, and it's REALLY not fair to you."
If I get a Koopa Troopa tattoo, I know that no matter what happens to me in the future, no matter what jobs I take or interests I develop, I'll always be, AT MINIMUM, the sort of guy who has a Koopa Troopa burned into his flesh.
You know what? FINE. I'll be the guy they find dead in front of his TV ten years later. It actually sounds kinda awesome, and as the saying goes, "If you can't beat 'em, then you might as well die alone in front of a television set"!
I'm not sure it's the best! Much more famous openings include "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times..." and "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife."
I have NO IDEA where I'll be or what I'll be doing in fifty years but when I picture myself talking about Batman everything falls into place.  I'll always have that, you know?  No matter what happens, I'll always be able to argue about Batman.
Okay, well, nobody was talking about flying cars, sure, but people did conceptualize Pegasus, and that's a friggin' flying horse. Horses being the cars of olden times, remember? Just because Peggy didn't have a scientific underpinning doesn't mean he wasn't the result of people imagining better technologies!
And Pride and Prejudice is still this fancy romance story, but now it's framed by this dude being asked to describe the ultimate video game, and at the end the dude says "Anyway after that it becomes a turned-based strategy game with a focus on resource management".
Novice artists spend ye