I was disappointed that Dromiceiomimus didn't get me anything from her trip, and that feeling had been lingering. OKAY. But, instead of IGNORING my feelings like i always do, BURYING them, GIVING THEM A CLASSY FUNERAL, I talked to her and now she probably thinks I'm crazy! ARGH!
"One day a couple was having sex but their car window was broken. The man thought a kid broke it. Instead of sex they wondered how it happened. I, the narrator, was the one who did it! They never found out, and I won the lottery! The end!!"
I'm Just so happy that I have a new friend who is a tiny elephant.  Oh my goodness, I can't say how happy that makes me.  To think of all these years I was looking for happiness in RELATIONSHIPS and SOCIETY when all that I wanted...
Here is some handy slang for you, teens! "Bad" means "good". For example, "that rock concert was BAD!" Further, "bogus" means "bad", but these aren't transitive. Something that's bogus isn't good. "Bodacious" means "good", but these aren't symmetric either. A salad might be bodacious if it's exceptional, though.
Once upon a time there was guy who "knocked over" (broke into) a bank and stole some money.  Who did it?  It was a mystery.  Nobody knew the answer.  They all asked each other who "knocked over" the bank but nobody knew for sure.
Yeah, only his example was about water having a different composition on Twin Earth, instead of those hauntingly stupid chocochops you invented.  The point is that both thinkers have the exact same mental state but are saying different things, and the environment is responsible for meaning there.
That's what I say to them! They say, T-Rex, Marcia and I are expecting a little bundle of joy. And I say, Ted, I respect you and love you as a friend, but I have to ask - what's the deal? What is the deal with the BABIES.
Hey, remember when my mom switched off my computer for no reason and didn't even let me save my game? I bet she feels bad about it NOW and wishes she had been nicer to me NOW that I've MOVED OUT FOREVER just like I said I would!!
The way I figure it, after about five years we gain the ability to look back on anything and laugh, and I can reasonably say "Oh, but I was young and stupid back then!". So, BASICALLY, I'm going to wait five years and then stop worrying about it.
So let's agree!  If one of us ever get a chance to go back in time, and we run into him, then we'll definitely ask Shakespeare what he was up to.  What he likes, what his interests are "#8212; all the stuff historians wish they had!
Well, say I'm writing a story about Australian Batman and I want to show people that Batman's Australian now. Spelling means I can't rely on his accent, so I'm forced to have him call people "mate" and grimly refer to "shrimps" placed upon "barbies". It's the only way!
Its a human, T-Rex. Babies crawl on all fours, then they walk around and then when they're old they use a cane. Come on, that riddle's from Ancient Greece. That riddle is so old-school, the techniques necessary for modern school construction won't be invented for two thousand years.
The worst part of this is that even COMPLAINING about the early commercialization of Christmas is pass?. It's like airline food! The zeitgeist has already moved on to acceptance and "their chefs do good work under difficult circumstances" and I'm left saying "Hey notice how this sucks, though?"
Okay so in 1958 these two US Air Force planes were doing training exercises with a real nuclear bomb for some reason, and they crashed into each other! And one of the planes was so damaged that it had to jettison its bomb above a bay in Georgia!
Even if I'M ignoring it, my audience won't know to! I'll be explaining the origins of conflict as hard as I friggin' can, but they'll all be hopelessly distracted by thoughts of chillin' out, maxin' out, relaxin' all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of the school!
Okay, but - the reason religions have creation myths is that they're addressing huge questions with no obvious answer. "Where did we all come from?" Everyone's pondered that question!