When our mathematical assumptions APPEAR to match up with reality, the results may also seem to apply - but math isn't any more "true" because of that! It's still based on unproven/unprovable assumptions. And you can actually build up systems where you decide that 1+2 does not equal 2+1, and they're just as consistent!
And it's boring, too! It's so boring it literally steals my life force. I'm not even misusing "literally" there. I have a life force and it's precious and then I go in and then when I come out I have less of it. Hot crackers. You know what I do to pass the time?
You achieve peace only through a sort of "giving up" of your own free will, by either deciding that the world is as God intended, or, alternatively, that He will be the one to fix it, using you as his "tools"!  Isn't this mere escapism, a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility?
You achieve peace only through a sort of "giving up" of your own free will, by either deciding that the world is as God intended, or, alternatively, that He will be the one to fix it, using you as his "tools"!  Isn't this mere escapism, a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility?
The lyrics are always so terrible and the songs entirely arbitrary.  It's like - it's like they license "Candle in the Wind" and then have some Elton John sound-alike singing "Goodbye, Norma Jeane / Did you ever / Use Duracell / They make some fine batteries / On this we all should dwell"
It's true! But on my own terms. I can't control hiccups, so it's really being remembered for something that my body's doing that's really incidental to who I am, you know? Anyone who heard of me would know me as The Hiccup Guy, and it would overshadow anything else I did with my life.
I've read Greek myths, man!  I know you guys are all about SNEAKY TRICKS and IRONY and MORALITY TALES in which dudes get wicked punishment for BASICALLY no reason.  I don't want to be in any noun-based morality tales! Not unless the moral is "T-Rex Is The Best, Holy Cow You Guys."
It's like a switch went off in my head.  This radio station was all bragging on itself, saying "Kewl 105: WE ROCK!" and my first thought was "Like a moored boat?  Is it cool now to sway back and forth, like a boat tied to a dock by a length of rope?"
THEN, you just look for the place of maximum overlap and follow the precepts there! Say you discover most religions say something like "Give to the poor": you know that by doing this, you're maximizing your Heaven Potential"#8482; for HUNDREDS of religions at once! Plus, you're not wasting time on CRAZY and UNPOPULAR precepts.
Exactly! And beneath that, another shirt that says "IF I WAS STANDING NEXT TO A VISIBLE MINORITY WITH THE OTHER SHIRT I DIDN'T MEAN IT AND I APOLOGIZE!!" Beneath that, "YOU GUYS, I'M NOT ACTUALLY RACIST"; Beneath that, "IT WAS JUST THE UNFORTUNATE JUXTAPOSITION OF MY SHIRT FROM 4 SHIRTS AGO AND A PERSON"
It's so great Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat, he boxes them in the butt!!  WE HAVE TO GO.
It's so great Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat, he boxes them in the butt!!  WE HAVE TO GO.
Scientist are all, "ooh, maybe you can only go through time in certain regions of space, or maybe you can't go back further than the invention of the time machine!" Poppycock, I say! Time travel is possible until we do something SO INTERESTING that it's inconceivable the future wouldn't want to check us out.
The point at which a shrinking heap of sand becomes a non-heap.  Clearly I'm supposed to struggle with an arbitrary threshold, because piles on either side of it look much the same.  But it's just language!  Look at statistical usage of the word "heap", decide using that average, end of story.
My detective doesn't show all