Okay so in this new religion you should be nice to each other because that's nice.  And you can do whatever you want as long as there is informed consent between all parties involved.  And everyone gets bikes.  I will say that if you join my religion then you get a new bike.
It doesn't even make sense. If you carbonate a solid the best you're gonna get is a solid with carbon dioxide bubbles in it. And if you've done that you've probably come up with Swiss cheese, so upon closer inspection I think this is a great idea as I would actually like some Swiss cheese, please.
And then I thought, even if he is going to spend it on drugs, is it my job to deny him money? Should I go around enforcing my morality on others? And then I thought, geez man, how ridiculous am I that a guy asking for change throws me into these throes of self-doubt and analysis?
BACKSTORY: UTAHRAPTOR WAS CRASHING ON THE COUCH LAST NIGHT BECAUSE IT WAS LATE AND HE DIDN'T WANT TO TAKE A CAB HOME. ALSO, DOUG KNEW ABOUT THIS. DOUG IS A FRIEND OF UTAHRAPTOR'S. HE CALLED ON SPEAKERPHONE. T-REX IS SPENDING THIS PANEL SASSING THE WAY DOUG TALKS BUT LOOK AT ME. I NARRATED ALL OVER IT.
Dromiceiomimus, yesterday I'm sitting there and my belly kind of goes "tweeeeet?" like it's a, a, a bird or something.  What's with you, belly?  I know you're there, yes!  I don't need a "tweeeeet" to say hello.  I just put food in you and that is gonna have to be INTRODUCTION ENOUGH.
There's TONS of horrible diseases that sound like they're just made up by somebody, but actually do exist. Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, in which connective tissue becomes bone, freezing a person in place! The Capgras delusion, in which loved ones appear to be replaced by identical imposters! And these are just the two I know about. 
If I had three wishes - and the wishes had to be about cartoon stereotypes being real, I guess - then those are the two I'd choose.  The third one would be "no falling when running off cliffs unless you look down and notice you're running on air", because that, my friends, would be HANDY.
Well, Utahraptor, I'll agree with you, and clarify that it's a necessary but not a sufficient condition.  Bodies affect the life experiences possible, and therefore personality!  And while you're questioning my premise of "nature over nurture" I'll clarify that I'm simply saying that someone in a weak body can't be a very effective bully!
You WANT your actions analyzed. You want it because if a third party analyzes them, not only does that suggest they're interesting, but it also gives them intrinsic meaning: there must be something there worthy of analysis! You never have to worry about living a meaningful life if there's someone else to find meaning for you.
It is! But here's my angle: let's say there's a catastrophe and everyone dies. When Future Folks dig up my house, I will throw their historical understanding into chaos! They will say "HOW COULD A CAVE MAN OWN A RENAISSANCE-ERA PAINTING AND A COMPUTER WITH AN ASTROLABE STUFFED IN IT?! FRIG. HISTORY IS RUINED, YOU GUYS."
Okay, so the scene opens in a spaceship and it's the future!  The ship is this huge mechanical leviathan, all pipes and metal catwalks, unfriendly, imposing.  And it's drifting in deep space!  The engines have overloaded and blown up.  This is all explained in the opening musical montage, set to "Louie Louie"!
No man! The other guy surveyed the field of resume email addresses and said, "You know what? It can be done better." I'm fascinated by him! Who is Colin? And furthermore, what of his Chumps, who it seems are presently Taking Dumps?? I don't know, but I want to offer him a job to find out!
Okay there are at least two ways to make new friends. One way is to look at the friends your existing friends already have, and then pick out/up the most awesome ones from those! This algorithm allows you to grow your network of friends in much the same way that ANY NUMBER of deadly diseases reproduce!
Hapax legomenons are words that are only said once by someone! They're also words that only appear once a 