All of those hours of thinking up insults for hypothetical enemies has finally paid off!
OR MAYBE I JUST DIDN'T PUT MANY JOKES IN THE BIBLE BECAUSE OF TRANSLATION ISSUES.
Yes, thank you! I think the world will be altered positively by BumAccess4All Dot Net.
Now, HERE'S how putting the things in my mouth ties in with existence. . .
Here is a list of adjectives I would like to have chosen when describing me!
No! They're just different people! You wouldn't get along. They like rocking and you -
Utharaptor: Hey, you know what's rad? Old dudes not talking about how sexy they are.
So if you have Bond getting gadgets that he doesn't use, that's not Chekhov's Gun?
"Aw shucks! I guess it IS true that you're never too old to hug, Nintendo!"
Is it true that the only questions worth asking are those that cannot be answered?
You heard INCORRECTLY! He won the lottery, but only recovered the cost of his ticket.
Yeah, I'm with Dromiceiomimus on this one! "Deci" is right there in the word, dude.
I wrote Star Trek fan fiction in which we saved the Enterprise and got married!
Well you're in a good mood today, T-Rex! It's always a pleasure to see you!
I HAVE SOME GREAT NEWS T-REX I WAS WRONG AND THE BIG RIP DIDN'T HAPPEN
Now we are clear! And yet, I still want to step on more tiny women!!
Could it be? Could it be true that the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me?
Oh, hey, D.! I was just stomping around here, you know, "stomping the old houses!"
LATER T-REX IS FORCED TO APOLOGIZE TO THE HORSES FOR "SADDLING" THEM WITH STUPID NAMES:
Proto-nostalgia is a proper subclass of nostalgia. It's a new feeling for a new generation.
I like people who have sexual fetishes that can't possibly be realized using existing technology.
I'm not! I'm not!! I'm CERTAINLY not writing erotica in my head right now. 
Look, if you want to get drunk, just drink more.  It's not that great.
Technofan:  Guys!!  Nobody but the guy who did it could make such puns!
Well...it's just God. It's not like he's gonna broadcast it on the radio or anything.
I have a great idea!  A way to add DRAMA to our everyday lives.
THE ANSWER IS BECAUSE IT ONLY TAKES LIKE THIRTY SECONDS TO SET IT GOTTA GO
So Dromiceiomimus was making out with some random guy and jennifing his face. That's fine.
What I'll remember best about my night with the Dromiceiomimus could only be one thing...
Hah! "Hey baby, thanks for the sex! / It was hot / (in most respects.)"
I GUESS I HAD A GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT even though we didn't have sex
It's just - it's such bad timing that you would mention that right now, Dromiceiomimus.
Okay, but the point of this card is that the recipient doesn't know the sender!
Banner: Worst answer to "What do you want out of your investments" question TODAY'S CHAMPION
Banner: Worst answer to "What do you want out of your investments" question YESTERDAY'S CHAMPION
Mr Tusks, do you ever get depressed thinking about all the animals we've made extinct?
Movie Poster Text: TEH GUY WHO KEPT TAKING BITES OUT OF ANIMALS - IN LOVE!
What about fascist truth, where something is true because those with power say it's true?
You're not going to get it!  There's like 20 trillion theories, but no facts.
Okay - um, NO MATTER WHAT, one day you're going to... eat a whole pif?
Sometimes, someone will break up with you. Aw snaps! What do you say to THAT?
"It's okay, sweetie! I'm sure one day you'll find someone ALMOST as good as me!"
Wouldn't it be funny if I planted A FAKE GRAVE for future generations to discover?
But - she can have more, right? She won't mind if one goes missing, right?
Wow!  It recasts Western military culture and tools as religious practice and iconography, respectively!
I just want to pat them on the head and ruffle their hair, you know?
Book Cover Text: HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO WOMEN WHO REMIND HIM OF HIS MOTHER
Book Cover Text: HE DOESN'T CALL BECAUSE IT'S LONG DISTANCE AND HE HAS CRIPPLING DEBT
My bike broke because I had maintained it poorly. But you know what they say!
Aw, T-Rex, come on.  Why would a "by-the-books" cop team up with a criminal?
Exactly! And if we get some friends in the audience, at least THEY can laugh.
Hypothesis: all movie titles can be made better by the addition of the word "Friggin'".
Yeah, like - "Anneke said 'How do you do.' To clarify, that's what SHE said!"
or maybe the climate is supposed to change because we all got new swimmin' trunks
I love punch! I love drinking delicious punch, PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious.
Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
Dude, I'm gonna! I'm gonna go get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW! 
It is so funny! Listen. I told these jokes to a snowman and he laughed.
I have compiled a list of people I enjoy seeing! A list, if you will...
If by "story" you mean "franchise", anyway. I don't know. I think i've lost focus.
I have invented the best way to reveal the prejudices and preconceptions of my friends.
T-Rex (thinking): People will DEFINITELY pay for a robot that "accidentally" steals all their girlfriends!
Ghost have got to be the saddest thing ever! They're dead people PLUS they're blind.
You're picking apart the science of ghost senses, but accept the fact of their invisibility?
Hah hah! What's the matter, monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo???
Wait, you've given me a great idea! Has that saying ever been applied to... PARTIES?
These chocolates don't taste like they're tainted by Societal Expectation at all. Thank you Utahraptor!
Hey T-Rex, do you want to go swimming this evening with me and some friends?
Future Dude 1: I don't know why he thought we'd want to watch him poop.
Nobody even noticed how I made my examples of the awkward moment kiss gender neutral!
this smile is because I'm always happy to see you, not for your conversational betrayal!
T-Rex, this is BORING. Let's talk about something interesting, like the vacuum robot I bought!
But they always operate as a group, right? There's really only one ninja team, singular.
Don't tell me I'm the only one who made it to the end of Hamlet.
So! I intend to find a beach ball! Do you know where they are kept?
Ha ha, I was just pulling your leg. I don't actually care for beach balls.
So! I intend to find a beach ball! Do you know where they are kept?
Ha ha, I was just pulling your leg. I don't actually care for beach balls.
Just because there are different religions with different opinions on things, he dismisses them all?
Yep! AND, he was given the title of "Sexiest man alive" by People Magazine TWICE.
{{thought bubble}} I must keep the other actors from discovering my secret to excellent tableau.
Radio Host: I've told you: this isn't an advice show! It's a show about RVs.
It's not that hard!  You just imagine being good, and then don't do that.
That's kinda evil, isn't it? I thought he was, you know, more Aspergers than adversary.
So Batman dies, and the book focuses on his butler Alfred working for Spider-Man instead!
Alfred: Sir, I am old and conservative. You can't expect me to "loosen up" overnight.
I mean, YEAH, but nothing I can see through to completion in a few hours.
Yep! Stands for "I Miss My Old Girlfriend, But Not Really" Used all the time
Huh! Is there one for, like, groups of people who draw pictures of kinky sex?
I think it's pretty clear, T-Rex, that I am the epitome of the male form.
God knowing if I put the apostrophe in the wrong place in homophonic spoken language!!
JOSHUA: Man, me too!  They should totally do a crossover with me and Skynet.
Oh, Mr. Tusks!  I should call the police.  You're so cute it's illegal!
Utahraptor! It's the guy who spins Will Smith at the start of every Fresh Prince!
Hey Mom! You know about the prenup you got when you and dad got married?
UH ACTUALLY IT CAN DROP TO TWO OR THREE DAYS DEPENDING ON HEAT AND EXERTION
Um, because that's a metaphor that doesn't stop me from being food poisoned to death??
I'd prefer looking down and seeing that my toe is stubbed to, um, EXCRUCIATING PAIN.
The guy who does what you're doing!  Argh!  You ARE being that Guy!
Peasants: No way! However, maybe we WILL tell them to diphthongize their highest long vowels.
YOU GUYS NEED TO FIGURE OUT SOME MORE SURPRISING STUFF BECAUSE IT'S GONNA BE GREAT
Utahraptor, I'm your friend and even I hate you a little just from that sentence.
OKAY FINE T-REX, HOW ABOUT MATURELY DEALING WITH YOUR INTERPERSONAL PROBLEMS? THAT IS HILARIOUS RIGHT
METHOD 4: GOING UP TO STRANGERS AND SAYING "EXCUSE ME, BUT YOU ARE INCREDIBLY ATTRACTIVE!"
Hello! I am late for an appointment! Also, I don't have to listen to you!!
I find it hard to believe you've come up with 365 (to 366) different emotions!
Utahraptor! You realize that you just analyzed my actions today and found meaning in them?
DC Comics, quit hasslin' me! Clarke and Louise and Bruce Swaine are my own characters!
Um, it's way more fun to print out comics than to deal with interpersonal issues?
I could, but this is something you should really learn to do for yourself, T-Rex!
Utahraptor, that reference has instantly inspired me to be the best I can possibly be!!
Wow, that was a terrible movie. Definitely one of the top 50 worst films ever!
You already have a dog, the angriest dog in the world, if I remember correctly.
Yes. And it's the day AFTER the film "Forrest Gump" was released: July 7th, 1994.
you do look terrible today!  she was only being honest like a good friend
Wait.  But I'm not sure what happened!  You never actually told the story!
ATTENTION, ANYONE WHO HAS A LARGE CARBON FOOTPRINT!  DO YOU WANT TO BE PUNCHED?
In history, there was a place in England called "Frigedun," which means "Valley of Frigg"!
We followed the Germanic roots of the goddess Frigg's name instead of the English ones!
They have lexicalized the phrase AND associated it in my mind with their stupid branding!
That's why I'm vowing to get out and get exercise every day from now on!
Possibly! Or, I could be prepared and we could have a great time without you.
Player One proposes a non-zero split, and Player Two can either accept or reject it!
Um, even in the heady realm of fantasy I don't see how this could happen!!
What is the point of going to sleep? I'm just going to wake up again!
So, 66.67 is really the ceiling - any number larger than that can't possibly win!
God, it would be more convenient for me if other people could hear you. 
But THEN worst case they'll think, "Wait, nevermind: THIS dude just had supremely excellent taste!!"
I find it doubtful that you've ever revenged yourself on animals in such a way!
So you want world peace with none of the work and all of the credit!
Yes, I don't know how it happened but it's true! Wikipedia is a woman now.
Anyway, who trusts a Word of the Day chosen by the publisher of a DICTIONARY?
Maybe soliciting a concussive blow to the head isn't the best idea I've ever had.
But what if your play sucks and nobody wants to know ANYTHING about its author?
Yeah, and if you say "I'm hungry", you're not plagiarizing everyone who's said it before!
Perhaps! But this problem only comes up if you're not the centre of the Universe.
When we abandon illusions, life is revealed as nothing! It is nothing short of absurd!
Brackish, swampy water! And it was tossed to her without warning and now she's drenched.
- jump ahead to show where actions might lead. It's Foreshadowing taking off her negligee!
I bet that I could be an amazing ballet dancer. In fact... yes. Wait. Yes!
Okay, so let's assume you know the position of every air molecule in the room.
Deinococcus radiodurans: man, keep shooting me and i'm just gonna evolve defense against lazer beams!
You mean in terms of protection against disease, or in terms of adjusting your taste?
Here are some phrases that we need to be saying more often, cats and kittens!
At the instant you were born, you were the absolute pinnacle of our planet's development!
Everyone! If I was called T-Tex I could wear big Texas hat all the time!!
T-REX IF YOU COULD SAY ONE SENTENCE TO YOUR PAST SELF WHAT WOULD IT BE
ANYWAY THE REASON I ASKED IS THAT I'VE GOT A MESSAGE FROM YOUR FUTURE SELF
There are worse things to happen that a video game not coming out, T-Rex! 
So the relationship now hangs in the balance of every disagreement, no matter how small!
Yes!  It's why the first sentence of ANY BOOK is improved by adding Spider-Man.
One way is to shake, or nod, your head, depending on which culture you're in.
You're not a fan of "T-Rex died today after being really old for a while"?
YOU WOULDN"T BE HAPPY IF IT READS "T-REX DIED THE WAY HE LIVED: ON IMPACT"
I just have the SYMPTOMS. It's this stupid cold I keep getting. Um, every spring.
T-REX HOW COME YOUR IDEA OF ULTIMATE MANLINESS INVOLVES HIGH FIVING THREE WOMEN AT ONCE
That's it?  No great insight, no perspective beyond "I like it when it's windy"?
I have always suspected that doctors have secret "black arts" versions of certain medical procedures.
If you squeeze anything hard enough, poop will come out.  That's not a secret.
So no choice at all then, unless you want to awkwardly modify your reading habits.
Well, I suppose we could just leave it at that in this story path. 
Utahraptor, can you help me write a whole story based around one fantastic opening line?
OR IF THEY'RE TRUTHS THEN AT LEAST TELL ME IF OUR FRIENDSHIP WAS REAL 
Folks will occasionally publish a story in which a particularly conspicuous orthographic symbol is missing.
What society calls "personality flaws" I call "What if you pretended you were Batman too".
Yes, really? Someone's name could be FARTNOISE FARTNOISE JUNIOR, and that someone could've been ME.
You're saying the reason we don't see any time tourism is that we're - boring?
Cultural universals, like linguistic universals, are properties that are found in EVERY SINGLE CULTURE EVER!
A sassy cat from space who reliably sports a top hat under his fishbowl helmet!
If I get married, we have to play "Earth Angel" as the first dance, okay?
Hello?? Marty's parents share a relationship-making kiss at that dance! The parallels are TOTALLY OBVIOUS.
I was hoping your adventure would take you out of town for a few days!
So let us say money can buy happiness, assuming it's not received all at once.
Luckily, the answer is super easy and they should have come up with it sooner!
There's nothing like a Twitter post that says "Definitely not planniny any crimes ever! #seriouslyyouguys"
IN THE FUTURE, our actions and beliefs will be evaluated by standards we didn't have!
And let us further assume that everyone's parents had a biological mother and father too!
There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
And yours could say "CHUMLY PAL"! Oh my gosh, YES. Let's award each other medals!
There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
And yours could say "CHUMLY PAL"! Oh my gosh, YES. Let's award each other medals!
What do you mean, T-Rex? A catastrophic dive in either case and you're still dead.
Progress! Progress through everybody dying anf their kids eventually not caring who their parents hated!
Then he observed that our world is good enough to support life, but just barely!
I believe it was after this proof that A.F.S. added the "Friggin'" to his name!
I stubbed my toe! Frig frig frig frig frig! ...Hey, Shakespeare! I just leitwortstiled "frig"!
Dinosaur Comics Presents: Fun-Pun Corner! Today: Fun-Puns with t-Rex's Fave Activity!  By Steve Carey
T-REX GUESS WHAT YOU HAVE TO FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL TODAY
T-REX GUESS WHAT YOU HAVE TO FILL IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL TODAY
But you don't NEED to come up with a joke or rely on entertaining violence!
So memorize them, T-Rex! You're an adult now. Your hat size isn't going to change.
So he threw away the photo and reminded himself not make that dumb mistake anymore?
Neat!  But largely irrelevant to us, as our reproduction is not through vaginal intercourse!
And dads make the seam deal too! "Papa" is in English, Cree, and Hindi! 
So! Now I'm writing my book and stepping on this tiny woman. I'm kinda hungry?
My friend Utahraptor is sassing this book I'm writing. He's really insulting ALL of us!
Anything can be "inspired" by a true story! One day I pooped to the moon.
Sure, but I don't like them because they're SPECIAL. I like them because they're awesome!
Mankind was foolish to unleash us upon the world! Who are they to play God?
Morris: but doesn't it worry you fellas to have problems waiting for you like that?
To which I will reply, "Look at yourselves! Who is the REAL monster, my friends?"
The Future Generations {{off-screen}}: Look at this weird old photo of some guy I found!
The parts where the dead bribe the living seem pretty rad is all I'm saying
The Nutrinomicon divides foods into four different 'groups.' These 'groups' have prescribed allowances per day.
Oh man, I can't wait to hear how awesome EVERY CONVERSATION EVER will be now!
The flashback can be used to provide more detail about a character's motivation! For instance:
Like, everybody is better for the experience? Geez, man! It's not that complicated a sentiment!
Maybe you're too old and cynical and embittered to believe in things like joy, T-Rex!
My favourite is mashed potatoes! I've left extra room in my stomach for mashed potatoes!
Today is a good day I think for increasing the integral count of my age!
T-Rex, you left the burner on at your house last night and it burnt down.
Well, good luck!  This year my costume is going to kick your costume's butt!
NEW. PROGRAM. ENGAGED: 10 IGNORE WHAT UTAHRAPTOR SAYS 20 UTAHRAPTOR IS LAME 30 GOTO 10
Oh yeah? Well if you're going as a Utahraptor, then I'm going as a T-Rex!
If other people want to use what's mine, they will have to get their own.
All you've done is throw some stupid words in a stupid framework! It's so stupid!
I think it's time for me to get out and meet some fine new ladies!
Many philosophical systems seem predicated on increasing your happiness, either of yourself, or more globally!
I was just thinking how, if I were to leave, that would change many things.
Ok, I've got to make sure my parents meet, otherwise I'll be erased... from existence!
From no on, I'm doing what I feel like, when I feel like doing it!
It means that that one incident is indicative of a larger trend in my life.
Today is a good day I think for people volunteering unwanted personal information about themselves!
However, I will achieve this by sneaking into their houses and leaving the presents there!
Today I will be the one to impress my dentist with my personal oral hygiene!
Hey, that sounds like a great idea, T-Rex!  Let's make resolutions for each other!
If you are still confused, re-read this comic and I will things for you again.
Look, um, T-Rex - don't say that word. No real person ever uses that word.
"Tweens" is a totally illegitimate word! Older children are either adolescents or teenagers. No "tweens".
Great.  Me and my wife'll meet you at the Nisti Drinker, say, around seven?
I feel your technique isn't one for winning arguments; rather, it's one for losing friendships!
Dromiceiomimus, I would like to reward you for being my friend! What would yo like?
Hmm... I think so, as long as you'd let her hold it open for you.
But please, continue to take simplified scientific results and apply them naively to philosophical thought!
Oh!  And the Dromiceiomimus can be my sidekick!  We'll have our own base!
These remarkable tracks are joined by those of an adult Utahraptor who apparently stopped and
And that is good, because there is a dinosaur at the end of this comic.
Maybe you do not understand! You do not know what you are doing to me!
Oh, I am so SCARED! Please do not read the next panel. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!
In my dream, everything had turned into plasticine!  Do you ever have nightmares, Dromiceiomimus?
Stomping on fools is my favourite sport! Here comes the Utahraptor with a witty retort!
Person 2: Dang right, Honey Buns! It's darn near as perfect as perfect can be!!
What about the discrimination? The female lions aways have to hunt while the men sleep.
Utahraptor!  Take a look at what I'm going to do to this unsuspecting woman!
I believe I would call it "Get Biscuits, Pal, Or Go To An Early Gravy."
Something more official sounding would be better.  Might I suggest "Biscuits and Gravy Associated"?
Eating vegetables can be a pain for today's breed of young, cool, somehow single men!
And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
I can assure you that my poetry is great, unlike our current department of state!
Spurred by an insatiable need to better myself, I have taken up a new sport!
Excellent! Nothing could possibly go wrong! Not even GOD HIMSELF can wreck this party now!
Wait, did you check the cupboard above the fridge? I usually keep some cups there.
I did!  In fact, I thought ALL the music you brought over were corkers!
If there were a soundtrack to my life, what would it sound like I wonder?
Oh boy!  Today is a good day I think for an adventure through time!
NO! It's freaking impossible to build a time machine! My enthusiasm yesterday was clearly UNWARRANTED.
Yeah, they're like these giant robot suits that you can strap yourself into and-- 
Man, I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox! I meant REAL emails.
Man, I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox! I meant REAL emails.
What's with you, mister?! All you hadda do was hold him just for a minute!
...others feel it places an unnecessary strain on our already-burdened hospitals and health care system!
T-Rex (thinking): Two days later, I would come to realise the truth of his words.
Additionally, I would use this power to save my game, tell people off, then restore!
I ask only for your attention, for my sister is deathly ill with the cholera!
See, that's clearly you standing very still as IF you were a cardboard cutout. 
Hmm, I guess this is why people keep diaries: to fight against this inexorable loss!
You are so wise and modest, T-Rex! I hope I can be your friend forever.
According to your fancy logic, perhaps, but I happen to live in the REAL world.
Today is a good day I think for stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp and eggs.
While some see Babbage as the father of modern computers, he had little actual influence!
Perhaps it's because instead of arguing a point, you're just asking us if you're right?
Okay, so I can accept that nobody applauds at the end of a film anymore.
Sure! Although, the emphasis you placed on "travelling companion" does fill me with some suspicion.
Lolita, light of my life!  Fire of my loins!  My sin, my soul!
In practice, I guess I would need more experience with women, emotionally distant or otherwise.
I think it's because most of the predictions are either really dumb or blindingly obvious.
Sounds like you already have your own idea of what the future will be like!
Historiography is the history of history, and includes the study of how history is understood!
I had to be careful not to let him know I'd considered this situation before.
You could have timed this yourself! I guess this is kind of an unnecessary favor.
Didn't you hear the ending? A talking filing cabinet? "You're fired, and I can talk!"?
The night started cold - Too cold, and it got colder: A night for murder.
And then, just as fast, I was back here again... back in my own universe!
I haven't ruined any lives! The kid has like bazillion parents: think about his birthday!
MAYBE, but how come I don't want that?  I want all the cool things!
It was my first time drinking, and I thought that I was good to drive!
Here I go, Here I go, here I go again!  Girls, what's my weakness?
I've recently discovered the joys of sleeping naked, by the way! Don't listen to me!!
Yeah, but that image is complicated - it additionally includes both aging and menopausal issues!
Forget it, Dromiceiomimus! I don't want to hear anyone's voice all up in my earhole!
HEY I HOPE YOU GUYS CAN HEAR ME BECAUSE I'M PERFECTLY HAPPY UP HERE! EAAAAARHOOOOOLE
Well YEAH, but it's the specific nature of the improbable actions that matters!  Remember?
So, I'm not really comfortable with the fact that my mind is actually something physical.
Hah hah, really?  You're not the T-Rex who demands thigh fives from his friends?
It would be SO COOL to see how things work out. Wouldn't you agree, Dromiceiomimus?
Also, I'd take back future technology with me and claim it as my own invention.
Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine!
Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine!
And in doing so, it will remain forever fixed, for all future generations to see!
"If he worked as a chipmunk"?! Your wit seems a bit off today, my friend!
Is there such a thing as an incorrect fact? Doesn't being a fact imply correctness?
Hooray for getting Christmas cards with no return address signed with names you don't recognize!
Seeing all my old friends and family over the holidays has been fun. Good times!
And those who cannot remember to attribute their quotations are condemned to commit academic offences.
So what's the hook? As science fiction, where's the thinly-veiled social allegory to our world?
No way! I know all about sisterhood! I know all about all sorts of things.
Well, ah ha, I'm not sure that you wouldn't have picked it up somewhere else!
Is "whom" a necessary English construction? Its role as object is already indicated by syntax.
Wait - just a few months ago you told me summer was your favourite season!
[[T-Rex is holding a strawberry milkshake. A woman is next to him, reaching for it.]]
Having proper posture enables me to stomp this house without injuring my delicate, ladylike ankles!
Voice from outside the panel: I'm a dinosaur! We're not supposed to stand up straight!
MEANWHILE, IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE THIS HAPPENED AND T-REX DIED IN A REALLY TERRIFYING WAY:
But it's understood that people will try to be polite, so this insincerity is okay!
Today is an excellend day I think for walking aroudn like I own the place!
God!! Hey, want to watch me go spice things up when I make...NAKED SUB SANDWICHES?
Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
But that's wrong! Oh man, remind me never to debate you on the internet EVER.
Sheesh, okay! It was just an amusing little ditty. I wrote it myself, you know!
I have discovered the secret of being totally famous! I will now share this secret.
No no, you're pubescent as soon as the changes start!  That's how it works.
Yes, it's a hackneyed situation, but one which all involved are living, as we speak!
I saw a bumper sticker yesterday that compelled me to commit "random acts of kindness"!
I still love all my ex-girlfriends, and remain good friends with them to this day.
paralyzed, unable to have even the smallest faith in their abilities! USUALLY, this is unfounded.
T-REX PUTS UP POSTERS AROUND TOWN AND THEY GET COVERED WITH ADS FOR YOGA SCHOOLS:
This is not the first time in my life I've had incident to shout this!!
Of course! I should have guessed THAT'S what you'd be doing with your time today.
We can still see this today in words like "werewolf", which means, literally, a manwolf.
I'd like to set up some authority for pretension, but that itself would be pretentious.
We could also invent women's rights, and then totally take all the credit for it!
Anyway,  I guess It's just one more day up in the canyons for me!
it's just - you're closer to outer space right now than you are to Australia.
The coolest of all these words, though, are clearly those on the threshold of acceptability.
Though... why would I be talking about this if I wasn't a pedophile? Ah, yes.
Woohoo!  This promises to be the best weekend ever in the hisotry of time!
I had the coolest dream last night.  BATMAN was in it!  And ZOMBIES!
Wouldn't it be pretty okay to travel at speeds FASTER than that of LIGHT ITSELF??
Or PERHAPS we're not trying hard enough!  Let's work extra hard for a bit.
T-Rex, you shouldn't joke about clinical depression (major depressive disorder)!  It's not very funny.
T-REX WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT NONE OF YOUR FRIENDS ARE EVEN IN THIS SITUATION
That's right! I'm questioning the very IDEA of an "indoor voice"! The revolution begins here!
Because if so, then I guess I get to work on my life management skills!
Besides, it's not YOUR timeline.  It's EVERYONE's timeline.  We have to share it.
Well, you should take me with you, so I can keep you out of trouble.
I don't think so, man! I think it's a side-effect of homophobia in the media.
The heck?! I was way better than most of the people there!  It's discrimination!
Good thing anything that ends up with someone getting a new nickname is worth doing!
I don't know! It's in the attic. You can clean it out if you want!
It's pretty implausible that someone named "Justin Time" would end up having temporal powers though.
These are all pretty boring words, T-Rex. Most are just forms of the same verb!
Well - I was asking if you wanted to chew your food thoroughly, that's all!
Perhaps it's a focus YOU don't have, dude! You forget that I am extremely intense.
Then I upload the altered image back to my camera, thereby forming the Perfect Prank!
I bet if *I* did it, I'd be way more of a poseur than you!
Are we seriously trying to come up with things that vanilla extract is symbolic for?
Ah, the golden rule. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you!
Well, no, T-Rex, because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like.
Aha, so much for the golden rule! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway.
Why should I even bother stomping this house?  It's just going to get rebuilt.
So yea, you've got to be careful, because the real Confucius said many non-hilarious things.
I'm a ruffian with a heart of gold! Are there any sensual socialites on board?
They were very delicious chickens.  I would eat them all again, given the chance.
Aw man, I don't want to tell anyone my few remaining embarrassing secrets! Come on.
You'll also miss out on the Hallowe'en party we're having after the trick-or-treaters are gone!
I can demonstrate, my friend! Ask me where I picked up a word like "autodidacticism"!
John Allison:  OK to put panda and frog inside self!  Warm, delicate feelings.
Guy: Come on, it's so unrealistic...things never happen in the exact same way every day.
It's been so long that I've enjoyed stomping that it has come back in style.
Oh boy! I wonder what the Utahraptor and I are going to talk about today?
For example, I would nickname you Fat D. because in reality you are quite svelte!
I can't figure out what I should be testing. What are some instincts people have?
I don't know what they are, man! Let's talk about something else - like chicks!
I bet if I could play the piano I would finally be happy with myself!
But man, imagine living in a world with literary robots? It would be the coolest!
But there is a scene where he types and the screen projects onto his face!
Why don't you chews to do something else? That would be good gnus to me!
FIRST OFF: whatever!  And second off: what if I died and you wanted pictures?
I have ALREADY SPECIFIED that anti-dollars are not allowed to be bid in my auction.
I would much rather consider the precise nature of my thirst. It's - strong! Insistent.
I guess a lot of it depends on the faith of the people involved, T-Rex!
Guys, I REALLY just don't think I'm as into snowboarding as I used to be.
Oh, it's true! If it was even MARGINALLY in style, I would grow mutton chops.
You really wish you were a hairy guy born a hundred years ago, don't you?
YEAH BASICALLY YOU DIE OF SYPHILIS AT 30 BUT YOU LEAVE THIS TOTALLY HAIRY CORPSE
Yeah, but what if the majority decide to be totally racist against you? You're pooched!
Whoah, ouch! Last time I narrate any of my stories for you, Mr. Critical Pants!
Aw, man!  FINE, I'll ask.  Video games should be video games, shouldn't they?
YES! Yes, Utahrpator, pretend we're dating and I'll break up with you over the phone.
I DON'T KNOW T-REX I'M STILL NOT CONVINCED THAT YOU CAN DISMISS AN ENTIRE GENRE
Hey, God, w