Okay, so my new idea is to give the homeless access to mail, email, and a phone number!
There! Now I've got a certificate from the mayor that says I'm not allowed to name anything ever!
Morris: but i promised the staff there that i'd be extra certain to return it on time! 
Also I've got my trademark "nice calves" and "young smile". I'm so old! AND YET, I'm so sexy!
Hah hah! Looks like YOU undid the heat death of the universe, and everyone lived happily ever after!
You know I don't!  You know I'm gonna be so sarcastic to the next statue I see.
Alright, this is blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes, an uh, try to keep up.
"I said a hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie to the hip hip hop, and you don't stop!"
Well, I guess the fact that you DON'T still know any Beths is actually our... BETH case scenario?
I sure did! It's really easy to steal because you just use "Beth" where you'd otherwise use "best".
BUT YOU DID IT WRONG. HOW CAN NOT KNOWING ANYONE NAMED BETH BE A BETH CASE SCENARIO. HOW.
I guess, sure!  But what if one of us is on the other side of the world?
God, you know those dreams where you're about to have an exam and you haven't studied at all?
IT IS SEVERAL STORIES TALL. I SHOULD BE ABLE TO TALK ABOUT IT FOR LONGER THAN A DAY.
Utahraptor! It says here that it's you! It says right here on "BURN CHART 2007" that you're #1!
Can you just tell me how it tastes, when you put THAT in your pipe and smoke it?
Knowing who I marry, knowing where I end up living - all of these would be great timesavers!
I will!  Right after I stomp on a few things to work off my anger, that is!
It wasn't me, man!  Let me see.  Maybe there's a club to who really did it.
"If there was a singular Dickens who had to pee, I would be SO like him right now."
I'm frustrated at my bank because they're all a bunch of sucker chumps! What are you frustrated at?
If someone says something is "a whale of a good time", I'm expecting to see some marine life.
So you don't want to see marine life when someone says "a whale of a good time"? 
Never lose a baby, because if you do, people likely won't trust you with babies in the future!
Ooh, what if? What if? Here's a what if for you: WHAT IF I MAKE A MILLION DOLLARS?
I am that guy who goes to stand up comedy and thinks, "MAN, I could TOTALLY do that!"
My relationships are fine too!  I broke up with the guy I was dating, but it's cool.
OH MY GOD. I just realized that yesterday when Utahraptor said "universal panacea", he was using a pleonasm!
No problem! I have the whole weekend to find Christmas presents! I'll get great gifts no matter -
Book Cover: "OKAY, THANKS FOR WRITING IN TO TELL ME WHAT ALL THE DEALS WERE WITH YOUR BABIES"
Man, bodies are nasty!  I can TOTALLY SEE why nascent machine intelligences don't wanna hang with us.
Oh, I just can't find the ingredients I need for the special meal I'm preparing. It's very frustrating.
The Devil: WHAT WHAT I AM IN HELL AND THAT IS THE WORST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD
[[T-Rex imagines himself theatrically promoting the singing frog as in the cartoon. Dollar signs are around his head.]]
[[T-Rex imagines himself theatrically promoting the singing frog as in the cartoon. Dollar signs are around his head.]]
T-Rex's Grandma: Hey T-rex, you were a real dick on the internet four and a half years ago!
I have a new problem.  Now I have come into possession of several kilograms of Nazi memorabilia!
Offstage: I don't understand why you're paying me to slip this Nazi memorabilia into the pockets of strangers.
You know, you can't answer any important questions! You can say something to "How?", but nothing to "Why?"!
Is it the curve of the bums that you like, or is it the wide plain of flesh?
HEY DROMICEIOMIMUS YOU'D BETTER NOT HAVE ANY SEXY FUN TIMES BECAUSE I'M GOD AND I DON'T LIKE THAT
T-REX WHEN HAVE I EVER TOLD YOU NOT TO HAVE SEXY FUN TIMES I AM ALL FOR THEM
I WAS GOING TO BE ON TIME FOR WORK BUT THEN I FORGOT HOW THIS IS A PRIORITY
I guess I was young and believed no woman could ever find me attractive of her own volition!
My boy, when you're my age, you get to call all sorts of things all sorts of things!
Man, who hasn't written a story about a Man With A Problem for a while? Is it me?
Now admit that you had everything to do with people saying "utilize" when they could just say "use".
Look, the whole point was to experience prejudice from the inside.  I just need a safe racism!
SUDDENLY, T-REX HAS NO IDEA WHAT TO SAY! IT IS THE AWKWARD MOMENT PROMISED IN THE TITLE CARD.
Kay!  Incidentally, I use an acoustic coupler as a modem, and that's so retro it's cool again.
How about instead of counting money, you count the number of lives you've touched in a positive way?
Maybe I have been too hard on prenups. In a sense, they're sort of a Love Validater, right?
My mom works at the library, and there have been cutbacks lately, so that's a concern for us.
Then MAYBE you should try my great idea of assigning an emotion to every day of the calendar!!
Depends on how it goes at the dentist, I think. I don't want to party with new fillings.
MMM T-REX I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED SUCH AN INVITATION FROM YOU AND I WILL BE PLEASED TO ATTEND
Breadmatic is a box because that is ROBOTICALLY DETERMINED to be the optimal shape for bread production, okay?
Breadmatic, I'm worried! The fact that you're a robot is already coming between me and my non-robot friends!
On the other hand, the person that left this comic here is kind of a sucky person too!
But how do they translate bingo into poker? You have choice over what cards stay in your hand!
But if you want to know about life 6 million years ago, there's only a handful of fossils!
And you really want to be CONSISTENTLY SURPRISED about where your limbs are when you can't see them?
That's very clear!  And instead of saying "I'm sad" you can say "I'm a friend of Aquaman's."
Ah. So if you're someone from three years ago, shouldn't you be dressing up for Hallowe'en? Hallowe'en 2005?
Exactly!  That way the "goodness" of a voter will directly impact how much their vote is worth!
OKAY, as revenge for that, I could prank call Dromiceiomimus and pretend that I'm a celebrity she likes!
T-REX LISTEN I CHECKED AND NOTHING GOOD CAN POSSIBLY COME FROM YOU HAVING ACCESS TO A NUCLEAR WEAPON
Then I thought of "rock concerts" and it seemed silly!  But "punk rock" seemed ADORABLE.  
Well, it's 11 am and I had things to do today. Maybe if you told me in advance...?
And you're concerned because you don't know who you are if you can't even trust your memories, right?
"Frigorific" is actually old news, T-Rex! It was Merriam-Webster's Word of the Day last - Thursday, I think?
So your ideal future is one where everyone's weeping over their Whoppers with Cheese, and nobody's having sex?
Well, even if it's an act, at least you're pretending!  Tons of folks won't even do that.
It's not "Oh gosh oh gosh I didn't know that smell could exist" 24/7! There's good surprises too!
Or maybe they'll look back and be aghast at all the animals we kill and eat for food?
I've never been to the bottom of the ocean, but I still know there's freaky-ass transparent fish there!
So the professional performing CPR on me is thinking "Bum bum bum / Another one bits the dust"?
If someone were to ask me what my favourite suffix is, I would answer them without hesitation: "-cracy"!
Let's say I decide to say a word only once in my ENTIRE life. That's a hapax legomenon!
It alerts the audience that what follows is likely to be a short story with a humorous climax!
Impossible! A mid-life crisis is a crisis of confidence, and if there's one thing I've got, it's confidence!
No no, it needs to be epic! It needs to stand up against stories from EVERY RELIGION EVER.
And you consider this information so irrelevant that you forgot it almost as soon as it was known.
I'd say "sending messages through time is possible, and you'll live long enough to take advantage of it!"
Then I'll probably have to explain that I had amnesia and the dentist will think I'm crazy. 
I was doing a search on my name and discovered that there's ANOTHER guy called "T-Rex" out there!
And then some! I've been waiting for this game to come out for my entire adult life. Wow.
Offscreen: On the other hand, you never talked to that woman at the bus stop 15 years ago.
Who gets to wake up this morning with nausea, dizziness, and an uncanny ability to feel physically terrible?
OKAY YEAH PROBABLY BUT IT SEEMS LIKE YOU EQUATE MANLINESS WITH POLYAMORY AND I FIND THAT REALLY INTERESTING
Punished? No. REWARDED. With a tantalizing glimpse of a story path you are not yet meant to behold!
This is the crazy version of this panel where we have no disagreement and there are no problems.
I fail to grasp the objection you may or may not have voiced in the previous panel. 
Assuming that both players play the game optimally! And assuming that in the war, one player moves first.
Easy: I'm a spy, T-Rex! The government sent me to spy on you like a decade ago. 
Oh my gosh!  I'm ABSOLUTELY CONVINCED that I've just had the best idea for a superhero ever.
I guess I'd hoped that by shifting the technology to escalators, the awesomeness might somehow - you know...
We say "Let's Party!!" all the time, but when we say "Let us Party!!" it sounds hella formal!
Ha! You don't want to get married. You want to go to a dance played by Marty McFly!
WHILE FACTUAL, THAT'S NOT A GREAT EXAMPLE BECAUSE THE GREGORIAN CALENDAR WASN'T ACTUALLY IN PLACE FOR THAT ROLLOVERRRRR
T-REX LET'S SAY YOU HAVE A GIANT HEAP OF SAND AND I REMOVE ONE GRAIN AT A TIME
Oh man! Can you imagine a secretary drinking coffee out of an "Is This All There Is?" mug?
Man, I totally missed out on my window for skydiving. I should've done it when I was younger!
I call my tale, "The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected, Or, Wow Will You Look At These Curtains?"
Man, they say to write what you know, but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination!
I call my tale, "The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected, Or, Wow Will You Look At These Curtains?"
Man, they say to write what you know, but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination!
I'm not afraid to admit it: I've nurtured some talents and have become particularly good at certain things.
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: Yes! I am the thoughtful friend who buys presents for no reason!
For a second there, I was worried the future wouldn't have the word "frig" written all over it!!
It's a box of Cap'n Crunch cereal, and inside the box you put a note that says "DUDES".
The Devil: DO NOT BOTHER ANSWERING THAT QUESTION FOR THERE EXISTS NO ANSWER THAT CAN GIVE ANY SATISFACTION
I know, I know, I shouldn't answer that question, there exists no answer that can give any satisfaction.
Raccoons and cephalopods: SURPRISE, T-REX! WE BAKED YOU A CAKE, SHAPED LIKE AN UNCANNY VALLEY VERSION OF YOU.
Raccoons and cephalopods: SURPRISE, T-REX! WE BAKED YOU A CAKE, SHAPED LIKE AN UNCANNY VALLEY VERSION OF YOU.
House: Save us from the monsters we have created and were foolish enough to think we could control!
Plato also said things like "I'm hungry guys, frig!" but we're not remembering him for that right now!
Wouldn't circles be a better example? We can all imagine the perfect circle, but we can't draw one.
Anyway! It's like - broccoli or something between your teeth? Maybe pesto? Anyway, it's all over the place.
This just in, English has a lot of words for a bunch of stuff!  Film at 11?
And before you say "adjective phrases can't fully replace noun semantics", let me warn you: THIS ONE CAN.
The earth's orbiting around the sun, but our sun is orbiting around the center of the friggin' galaxy!
Gosh, I'm sorry - I was just on my way to the grocery store. Some other time, OK?
That is true! I see no reason why we both couldn't go out and buy some women's underwear!
Awesome!  I've never been to a wedding before, much less a lesbian wedding!  This is exciting!
Dromiceiomimus- Maybe if you stopped stomping on things - that seems to annoy him more than anything else.
I've come up with some patently absurd ideas that I will pontificate upon, only to annoy the Utahraptor!
Well, that's another house gone. I seem to be going through houses like other people go through -
And I can't help it if you are a stupid dinosaur!  I wish I never met you!
I have been thinking about what the Utahraptor said yesterday, and by extension the ambiguity allowable in language!
Listen attentively to people's names when you meet them! If their name is the same as yours, laugh!
             n    up
But aren't you forget about 1 1/2 teaspoons of turmeric and about a half a teaspoon of salt?
Perhaps in his last moments, the irony of the situation - from my perspective - would become evident.
Great! AND, I finally thought of the perfect answer to the question you asked me, two week ago!
Each lurid death reported in the paper akes you a little more cynical: a little more dead inside.
Well look at it this way, T-Rex! What's more important in a song: the words or the music?
Hi, T-Rex!  Do you have any personal stories of your youth you'd like to confide in me?
"Additionally, witness is clearly not an awesome dude, as awesome dudes need not point out their own awesomeness!"
This fallacy is when you assume that since a position is between two extremes, it must be right!
Luckily, we have arrived to that conclusion via a fallacy so I will be making no such trip!
Many things were more primitive.  All of the modern conveniences you take for granted did not exist!
I just realized: I'm almost certainly the one person who knows me the best! This has many implications...
My lady, wouldst thou be so kind as to prepare me my dinner and birth me my babies?
Oh man, I should totally become the ultimate personification of society! Everything I did would be instantly symbolic
Your catchphrase is not only annoying, but OUT OF DATE.  You should find a more modern catch-phrase!
The tracks seem well-travelled, as if these two dinosaurs met on a daily basis." - Reuters News Service
WHAT DID THAT SAY? Did that say there will be a dinosaur at the end of this comic?
Well, look at that! This is the end of the comic, and the only one here is ME!
I got up early, I ate breakfast early, I showered early, and yet: I am late! Again! Still!
It gives him dominion over the minds of men, and his absolute power has corrupted him, absolutely! 
Somehow - SOMEHOW - we've got to stop him! The fate of the free world depends on it!
Maybe this mind-control ray I've hidden in the palm of my hand will make you change your mind?
The identity theory is that all states of the mind are identical to all states of the brain!
The emphasis on male oppression is continued as I stand poised to crush this woman beneath my man-foot.
...but the desires of my darker nature manifest themselves as misogyny! Surely that must enter into your analysis!
Sure, I'll help you! Why don't we start with my helping you out in the ways of... PLEASURE?
Each clue leads them to a further clue in a new location, sending them on an across-town adventure!
THIS'LL BE GREAT TELL HIM A SKELETON WENT INTO A BAR AND ORDERED A BET AND A MOP
Wouldn't you agree, Dromiceiomimus?  You seemed to be having a great time at the party last night!
But you're the skeptical one! You should have realized that I couldn't invent a time machine overnight! 
Looked at my kingdom, I was finally there, to sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air!
Well, the rules of travel for the particular set of tickets I bought.  Rerouting is not permitted!
However, I do know what I like! At present, I like the idea of starting a bluegrass band.
Dromiceiomimus, are those crumbs on your chin? Did you sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food?
I can tell because all the cookies are gone, but you left behind anything with vegetables in it!
I feel as though I haven't considered enough information in order to form a defensible point of view!
We were playing a game! You were SUPPOSED to say my name at the end of each sentence.
It refers to when you think of a witty comeback too late, and you've already left the room!
whenever I don't want to face my problems, I'll send, in my stead, a cardboard cutout of myself!
This certainly is a lot of talk about credit cards!  Aren't there any more pressing issues, T-Rex?
It's the beauty of life, T-Rex! You can't really know anyone, even in the present, except for yourself!
T-Rex, I read your brilliant theory! It puts every other scientist to shame - indeed, all of dinokind!
It's time to make some changes around here! Some things have been allowed to slide for too long!
Another beautiful day: such nice sun, a fresh scent in the air, and I'm out for a walk!
You keep going back one day to tell me that stupid pun, but I'm never going to laugh!
Oh hey, Dromiceiomimus, my wackiest of wacky friends! What are you up to? Some crazy scheme, no doubt!
I have faith in random developments of chance of a potentially divine nature. From where do you hail?
Where is your place of origin, youngster? By what means were you cognizant of my need for you?
Are the actions of one the restrained impulses of the other, or are they really two different individuals?
You know, a certain touch of naivet?, a wonder at the accoutrements (subways, etc) of modern city living...
I write, " Dear T-Rex: I love your show. I have a question, sex? Huh? What's the deal?"
But feeling depressed might encourage you to go out and improve yourself, so bad emotions are good too!
Well, yesterday I seemed to annoy my friends with my choice of the oddly-obscene word "earhole". Excuse me!
But not all women are alike! I bet you some women like a man who is a push-over.
Congratulations my friend!  I am supportive of your sexual proclivities.  What's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2?
Like friggin' draining a lake, filling it with Sloppy Joes, and then spraying the whole thing with pesticides!
I've come to accept that I will be able to live down anything I do, given enough time!
Hmm... I guess the idea of immortality DOES clash with the scientific principles of conservation of energy. 
Come on, tell me that if Santa Claus worked as a chipmunk, he wouldn't talk about ho-ho-hoarding nuts!
So why are you raging here against people on the internet? Why not post a scathing reply online?
I'm tired of movies and plays and radio dramas in which all the characters have such snappy dialogue!
Wow, that's crazy! I'll come back when you're less INSANE, because the second law is still really important!
It didn't really make sense, because we were already her friends, for free. But we ran with it.
I don't think you do! I think this is something which almost by definition is unknowable for you.
For instance: Dromiceiomimus! Had you and I never met, I would never have become so good at Scrabble!
Well it won't work! It takes more than shouting "spring break" and "woo" to make a party happen!
Could it be that you've been LYING to us, and that you don't really HAVE a favourite season?
Aha, my friend! That's only because this present moment is predicated on past moments being as they were.
It does explain why time travel isn't possible! You can't visit a past or future that doesn't exist!
In fact I did! Did YOU know that some enthusiasts subscribe to magazines focused on their particular enthusiasm?
Really? That seems pretty improbable, since I know that eyelids closing is just incidental to the sneezing refl-
T-Rex, did you ever think that maybe they're just as scared of you as you are of them?
Man, these animals are WITHOUT FEAR. I don't see how acting like I'm not afraid will help things!
The ONLY way it could be better is if you yelled "EXTREME!" on the way down. "Whoah! Extreme!!"
"Mary was a young girl, 15 years old, and desperately in love with her next door neighbour, Tom."
Oh, but the Grandmother letter isn't a chore. I like writing letters, and especially letters to my Grandmother!
My sinister raccoon and cephalopod neighbours are having a sleep-over party. Okay! That's innocent enough. I don't judge!
No, not really! It's annoying, insincere, and unattractive! Nobody likes someone who is controversial just for the attention.
You offend your ex-girlfriends by betraying their trust, and look like a pretty big jerk in the process?
But T-Rex, assuming you and the lady broke up for a reason, won't these problems still be there?
This seems like a position one would take only if one wanted to hear one's own voice, T-Rex!
What if I don't live forever?  Then there would be no more T-Rex - no more me!
I jsut wouldn't like it if they showed up in my living room in their cab, that's all.
With that in mind, I'm going to design an engine that can make something go faster than light.
What a beautiful summer's day! A good day for me to PARTY DOWN and shout "Wooooooo!", I think!
Well I'M so manly that I use my bare hands to pound them out from the other side!
Okay, why do PROFESSION MEMBERS leave AND IDENTIFYING INSTRUMENT OF THEIR PROFESSION on the dashboard of their cars?
I was told that "someone of my *ahem* 'stature' didn't belong under stage lights". For crying out loud!
God damn it, you're making everyone angry.  Why are you even doing this in the first place?
Yeah, but it was. Correcting people's grammar in conversation is difficult to do without sounding like a jerk!
It's true! Plus, you've got to be eternally vigilant with your own grammar, lest you mess up yourself.
So who here wants to TALK ABOUT FEELINGS? Wooo! Everyone loves a dude who talks about feelings, right?
Aww, I really respect you and wish to spend more time with you in a romantic fashion, too!
To conclude, I hope people needed this joke explained, because otherwise I've been hardcore wasting my time today!
And in the book, I tell people that the key to being is to do things at times.
The issue is that some think ID should be taught in schools as an alternative to evolution, right?
I've decided to stalk a friend! Hah hah, why not? I will be the person they least suspect!
I am reliving the same day of my life over and over again until I get it right.
Ryan: T-Rex, when you became my roommate we agreed that our lives would not turn into a sitcom.
Today is a good day I think for trying to explore THE VERY LIMITS OF MY OWN BODY.
Huh! Mine have all ended with me getting punches to the gut. A fre ended in broken marriages!
My favourite food is avocado sandwiches! They're fatty but teally really delicious.  I also like orange juice.
It would also work on animals, but all the ones for cows would say "made into delicious cheeseburger".
T-REX TRIES TO GET AS WORKED UP ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE, BUT IT KEEPS COMING BACK TO THE MALL:
I don't owe you ten sub sandwiches! Why the heck would I ever owe you ten sub sandwiches?
They can be named after my wife's ex-boyfriends.  As you can see, I've thought of every possibility.
Wait, I'm confused.  Are you worried about not being rich, or about drifting to the right? 
Begging the question is when what you're trying to prove is assumed implicitly in one of your premises!
OKAY WELL IT LOOKS LIKE I LOST BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO ASK TO BE PURPLE
Anyway, I've had enough of that Utahraptor and his ilk. I don't care what he thinks we did!
It occurs to me that democracy is pretty unfair if you're not a dude who's in the majority!
Well, majority rule is sort of the definition of democracy, T-Rex. Not everyone can get everything they want!
Why should we bother assigning an identity to what is essentially one frame of a constantly-changing motion picture.
To - to fully understand my love of strawberries is to fully understand the unblinking eye of madness?
This occurs simply because these people are placing their emotions over the warm embrace of cold, steely logic.
Also because we're too dumb.  It'd be like a dog trying to predict what its owner does.
Dromiceiomimus, what have YOU done today? I'VE just made a machine that makes people age, with God's help!
No. No, that would be good but this is actually just a machine that leaks invisible cell-decaying radiation.
I am a pretty satisfactory dude, and yet sometimes, I feel incomplete. The reason for this is simple:
My thesis is that when a guy is like, "am I finally good enough?", chicks totally dig it?
It's just the verbs.  And the adjectives.  Anyway, I think I 