What's that, little house? You wish you were back in your own time? THAT IS TOO BAD FOR YOU
I went to the optometrist AGAIN last night, and AGAIN she said I might need to get nerd goggles!
I'm gonna make my own universal constant joke now, and I'm gonna need you to tell people about it.
What? No, he was in pieces. His hand even landed in a spectator's lap and it was still grabby!
My stars, am I ever enamoured with sign language.  You can speak with your hands!  That's amazing!
Yes! I can't even vocalize my own self-obsessed musings because I'm suddenly afraid of what the Dromiceiomimus might think!
I'm not old! My young and fun interests include disparaging authority figures and "hanging out" with my friends, UTAHRAPTOR.
I have just had the greatest idea.  Oh my goodness.  Everyone named "Jennifer" will probably hate me.
Yesterday you told me you wanted your epitaph to be "T-Rex Always Needed Sex To Have A Good Time."
I have an extra $50 that I have saved. I believe I will put it in my bank account!
Seriously! This is important. You need to decide: what do you want out of your investments? Security? Rapid growth?
The best part of my mystery story was obviously the chase scene. Therefore, I've written a new story -
I cannot, for now I work as a bouncer and stomping on unruly customers is part of my job!
Ah, the start of a brand new year.  There's so much potential!  What could possibly go wrong?
Thanks, Dromiceiomimus.  But man, who stands someone up on St. Patrick's day?  BESIDES MY DATE, THAT IS!!
"Would you also break up with a rocket skateboard? BECAUSE THOSE WOULD BE GREAT. LIKE ME. I AM GREAT."
oh no oh no oh no! I lost the baby I was sitting! I am the world's worst babysitter!
Book Cover Text: is it because he's on the cover?  that's the only reason i can think of
They also say, "An apple a day keeps the doctor in his house. Look: the doctor has no clients."
It makes me wish we could have something like that, you know? I'm TIRED of the same old vegetables.
I would like to get thoughtful Christmas presents for all my friends and family, but I have a problem.
Never lose a baby, because if you do, the mother will be very angry until the baby is returned!
But not everyone wanted to, say, be in a committed relationship and own a house before they were 25.
He punned too often?  And they weren't even, like, good puns.  They were always the same puns.
Four is the worst!  Also, FIVE, I wish my body would poop more instead of putting on weight.
Dromiceiomimus (thinking): Has anyone ever made a doctor-themed parody of Back to the Future, called "Back to the Suture"?
And before you say "Sisyphus", he's immortal, PLUS he's got time to ponder the universe, PLUS a buff bod.
Wow, that actually sounds like good business advice, T-Rex.  Customers want to buy something they're already familiar with!
Your formula is "Customers VERB1 what they VERB2, but they VERB2 what they VERB1", for all transitive verbs, right?
ME AND THE OTHER GODS ALL DECIDED THAT IT WOULD BE BEST IF YOU NEVER USED AN ALLEGORY AGAIN
ME AND THE OTHER GODS ALL DECIDED THAT IT WOULD BE BEST IF YOU NEVER USED AN ALLEGORY AGAIN
My friend, if you're going to be doing that much kissing, you'd better brush up a bit on it!
So it's like a reverse Segway, only the computer controls speed by moving the ground, instead of the wheels.
But you're describing a virtual infinite hill.  The treadmill will eventually have to be moving at terminal velocity!
{{In T-Rex's thoughts.}} Bathroom symbol for women: t-rex we symbolically represent sexy babes who forgot our clothes today! wooo!
But have you examined Appendix A of my resume, in whice there is an amazingly sweet HOLOGRAPHIC Batman sicker?
No, that's dumb.  The ice level is called "Oh, no!  King Richard The Third Has Chilly Pants."
But your "gift" of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you!
But your "gift" of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you!
Oh, I'm sorry, did I accidentally hire a PLAN CRITICIZER?  I thought I was hiring a Reverse Pickpocket!
A western! A loner cowboy, caught between wilderness and civilization, enters the nation and tries to stop the disasters!
Gwen Stefani is not a holla back girl!  This is her shit, and it is recognized as bananas.
You totally like actors if you like their characters, and vice versa. Come on, follow me. I'll prove it.
Dromiceiomimus, act like me today, okay? It'll be great. Examine what I'm doing and then try internalizing it, okay?
I have a Problem as a reader, as a Consumer of Fictional and Non-Fictional Worlds. My problem is this:
Personally, I'M going to eat a lot of junk food, since who cares about heart disease now? NOT ME!
OH MY GOSH, T-REX'S TWIN BROTHER?? NO, IT'S T-REX! I MESSED UP WITH "MEANWHILE" AND SHOULD'VE SAID "MUCH LATER".
I'm not sure you're the best person to have this knowledge, T-Rex! Also, don't call it a "magic phrase".
In summary and in conclusion, ghosts and zombies allow us to explore the intricacies of soul (and body!) ownership.
No worries!  I will teach it the MADness of its actions through zillions of tied games of Tic-Tac-Toe!
Oh! People say that's bad, right? Do you, um, remember any reasons why, off the top of your head?
It's the guy who picks up and spins Will Smith in the credits to "The Fresh Prince of Bell-Air"!
I could make some changes! But did you notice how everyone was clearly of the age of majority though?
T-Rex, we live in a democracy of dinosaurs! You'll have to get elected if you wish to have power!
SEE T-REX THIS IS WHY I KEEP SAYING YOU SHOULD FINISH YOUR BOOKS BEFORE TELLING YOUR FRIENDS ABOUT THEM
COMICS IN WHICH T-REX HAS DEVELOPED SUPER HEALING POWERS, WHICH ALLOW HIM TO RECOVER FROM ANY INJURY ALMOST INSTANTLY
I'm going to go write "boners ahoy" on a bathroom wall and then you can tell me why, okay?
T-Rex, I read your comic! The one you slipped under my door with the note "FEED BACK PLZ ;)"?
I wonder if I'm the only one that feels as if he isn't living up to his own potential?
Where are you, Utahraptor?  Are you hiding under this house?  Come out, come out, wherever you are!
And I'm STILL not comfortable with the full range of my sexuality, but we all have to make do!!
Hah!  I think I get it!  Listen, I'm gonna BASICALLY commit parts of this joke to memory.
Am I here to fulfill some higher purpose? How can that be, if I remain completely unaware of it?
It occurs to me that, as a single man, every romantic relationship I've ever had has ended in breakups!
Did you hear that?  Utahraptor says the Sega Genesis was the best ever!  Did you hear that?
THIS BLOWS!  I WILL NEVER KNOW THE ANSWER FROM A REAL SCIENTIST IF EVERY-BODY HERE IS A DINOSAUR!
Prejudice. At least I'm not COMPLACENT and ignoring ISSUES and just sitting around with my eyes closed eating cupcakes!
Whenever I think of the phrase "good to the last drop" I think of the friggin' Maxwell House Coffee.
Oh, actually, about that: they're rebranding it, T-Rex. It's now referred to as "Golden Crisp" in most major markets.
Today I will be a patron of the ARTS.  Yes.  That is a classy thing to be.
But T-Rex, maybe I like cherries and you like icing. It doesn't have to be equal to be fair!
Off-Panel: T-Rex, I feel like my life could be improved.  Are there any ways I can improve it?
From off-screen: Who here can name a game that sounds like it's way more fun than it actually is?
Utahraptor [offscreen]: Um, what if the Judeo-Christian God exists and wants you to believe in no-one else but him?
One in seven Canadians also has alcohol-related problems, suffers from insomnia, arthritis, skin cancer, AND has seriously considered suicide.
Except if you're bitten by a vampire you become a vampire, so all the zombies would eventually become vampires.
People say to me, "T-Rex, what do you want for Christmas?" This year I have the perfect gift idea!
Who said anything about not having sex? The whole point is you can do both at the same time!
This whole thing is so implausible! How did you suddenly become a counsellor? Where do your customers come from?
Forget that, man! Let's kick it up a notch or two! Let's break free of our self-imposed t-shirt boundaries.
But that doesn't make me a terrible person, right? We're judging the past by the standard of the present.
Adults can own grocery stores, but also have to face the long slow of their body, mind and self!
And when failings are revealed, we react with judgement, fearing any sympathy might arouse interest in our own secrets!
Well, *I* bet that I could be an amazing -- um, guy who walks around and talks shit up?
Let's say I break the law BUT I had a really good reason for doing it. Maybe I'm Batman!
T-REX PUTS UP A FAKE JOB LISTING TO SEE WHAT EMAIL ADDRESSES HE GETS. THE BEST IS FROM COLIN@BONERSAPOPPIN.NET
Listen.  I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life.
Listen.  I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life.
Today is the day I remove the word "prejudice" from my idiolect and replace it with the word "racist"!
I need time to think of what I'd say to my younger self.  What would you say, Dromiceiomimus?
Digging a ditch is never as fun piling things onto a small ridge by the side of the road.
Tattoos are insurance policies!  They're ways of reserving who you are now for the rest of your life.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you: The Classiness Scale. Degrees are easily measured in "PC", or "degrees pure class"!
Being incapacitated by the sperm cells of plants? Super tough! And nothing's manlier than dripping mucus all over yourself!
Wow!  Your coolometer level just dropped from "pretty okay" to "striped mesh t-shirt that reads 'Mama's Suckiest Boy'"!
Like one where the lady from the first story takes a not-so-classy guy and sculpts HIM into total class!
YOU REFER TO "THERE ARE LIKE A BILLION DIFFERENT RELIGIONS, SO, YOU KNOW, KEEP THAT IN MIND I GUESS"
Computer Screen: Dear Mr. North-- After you die, we're giving Dinosaur Comics to the marmaduke guy. Sincerely, The Man.
Today I glanced at an idiot driver as I passed him to confirm my suspicion.  He was elderly.
You sure took your sweet time getting here! That's ok, we'll take the leisurely route. Suits me just fine.
For starters, have you noticed sometimes while you're in the middle of reading a sentence, the panel suddenly changes?
Okay, can you guys tattoo my sternum with "Hello! If you can read this, then my friends are jerks!"?
In fact, yes, we will talk! I'll be the one saying "oh my gosh oh my gosh SO CUTE"!
Six! Folks who say that's ALSO a good point and furthermore, that there's certainly nothing wrong with personal tastes!
Attention everyone! I am extremely interested in being a spy! Furthermore, I believe I would be an excellent spy!
ANYWAY T-REX THERE'S YOUR VISION OF WHAT LIFE WOULD BE LIKE IF YOU SAID "FRIG" ONLY SLIGHTLY MORE OFTEN
Of course!  Also, "paci" is in wimpy script letters and "fist" is in these big exploding block letters!
Why announce it at all, you know? Just pull a Bruce Wayne and drink ginger ale like it's champagne!
My name is T-Rex and I'm here to speculate / on why my raps have gotten, well, pretty great!
Yep, a book! It's a proud tradition, long available to writers who just don't have any plots right now!
Plus, there's probably tons of strategy guides and stuff online that would cover anything you know and then some.
No matter what you do, there's always something more you could have done, and more you could have achieved?
I can't ever say "There, I've accomplished all that I could."  Things just level up to new challenges!
On the other hand, some lottery winners are less happy a few years after winning than they were before!
That's true.  Okay, so clearly there's a function where money buys happiness with less efficiency as happiness increases.
DIRECTED PANSPERMIA. That doesn't sound like the origin of life on earth! That sounds like a CRAZY FRIDAY NIGHT.
Epitaphs need to grab the attention of passers by, Utahraptor - you're competing with EVERYONE ELSE who's ever died!
My life - ALL LIVES, in fact - would be measurably improved if I had a sweet accent! FACT.
It is kind of neat to imagine the one guy who, purely by chance, has the most right predictions.
At the very least, "The First Dude Murdered In Space By His Friend, who Is Now Going To Jail!"
Shakespeare: t-rex i am from when "rowboat" could be spelled "rhowbhoatte" and even i don't think that's a word
Not mine though! In MY religion, God now has to pay me royalties every time anyone sees his tattoo!
It's too late to ask how or why. We're done for, Utahraptor. This is where our waterpark story ends.
I have led my life believing that people who write down cuss words have bad things happen to them.
Today I made peace with the possibility that MY cause of death might not be listed as "kung fu".
Wow! I guess we need to know how much our planet is worth, then. I'm guessing... a kabazillion dollars?
I've said it before, but I'll say it again: the absurdists were not the cheeriest potatoes in the bag.
THEN they cordon off the tree of knowledge to prevent any future mistakes, finally burying it in cement Chernobyl-style!
People who pay for cryonic freezing are super chumps! All you need to do is go to Antarctica, guys.
T-Blech: No! Because I have such bad breath! How could I ever brush my teeth with these tiny arms?
Man, I totally blew it yesterday with the Utahraptor.  Why did I make a joke about his mom?
Oh - ha ha!  For a second there, you looked like him, only without the glasses!  
But yet, I feel troubled. If I make some change in my life, what of those I leave behind?
However, just because a case is between two extremes does not make it automatically correct! It must be JUSTIFIED.
And I was once a tweenager too, so I don't want any tween tricks played on me! Alright, tweens?
It is indeed, T-Rex.  A fine day for going to the beach - is that where you're headed?
As the fantastic fellow that I am, I've decided to reward my friends for their hard years of friendship!
I find "cooties" to be an interesting idea. We hear about this 'disease' as children, and we never forget!
Well! I guess you've got no need for me then! I GUESS I'LL JUST GO HOME AND DIE ALONE!
You're not supposed to go around killing people if you're a Buddhist. It's the first of the Ten Precepts!
You know how sometimes you wonder what your life would be like, if only you made some decisions differently?
Then it's settled:  I'll move to a new town, make new friends, and start a whole new identity!
Yeah, "why", as in "why move away and start life again?"  What, did you commit some horrible crime?
And you were so scared! I told you and told you that there was nothing to be afraid of!
What's all this then? I appear to be made of crude sticks and dots! And I feel mildly chunky!
That's not an alternate universe, that's "Law and Order". And it doesn't have anything to do with stick figures.
My stomp exhibits far more grace than any other T-Rex!  Just another example of why I'm the greatest!
I do! Sometimes, I feel like my youth is slipping away from me, like I should be doing more...
Well, you know that you need bigger arms than yours to box with, right? You need arms like mine!
So, I've laid out all the clues around town and I've got the party and barbeque all set up!
For a second there, I thought that GOD HIMSELF had wrecked our party, but nope! NOT THIS TIME, ladies!
Good morning!  Say, if you were sent from the future to observe me, you'd let me know, right?
up to a house about seven or eight and you yelled to the cabbie, "Yo homes, smell you later!"?
They were a constant threat to everyone around them!  They were known to destroy human property with impunity!
Of course, this idea is largely alien to ME, as I'm never at a loss for a witty riposte!
However, it seems for others, thinking of the perfect comeback hours, or even days later, is a more-than-rare occurrence.
Say "goodbye" to your house, Dromiceiomimus! If you don't like it, you can LODGE a complaint... with my foot!
Ha ha, so seriously, I have a thing for 12-year-old girls.  I'm ashamed of it, and yet -
It's a sad realization - I always sort of hoped such a job would just... fall into my lap!
I see you've rebuilt your house! Too bad I'm the personification of its destruction... in a MANOR of speaking!
Oh, I was just chatting up God to see if He had any good jokes - but no dice!
He's LIVID, man! He's TENSE. Bound so tightly with tension and anger, he approaches the state of rigor mortis!
Hello, son!  You look a little upset!  Is there maybe something personal you want to tell me?
Can I get some fries with that shake-shake booty?  If looks could kill, you would be an Uzi.
YEARS LATER, T-REX IS GIVEN THE CHANCE TO GO BACK IN TIME AND CHOOSES NOT TO REVISIT THIS EXCHANGE!
An old woman holding aged lace and gazing at a faded photograph of herself, posing in her prettiest dress!
Adding "hard" after phrases that don't normally have "hard" after them can give an interesting effect! I like it!
We had this discussion after I showed you my "One day lots of people have sexy sex" erotic fiction.
The circuit satisfiability problem is determining if there are some inputs that make the outputs of a circuit "true"!
If we can solve SAT problems in f(n) time, then circuit-SAT can be solved in 0(n) + f(n) time!
Today I am talking about the made-up desease "ryoma", and there are many kinds of ryoma one can contract!
Woah, is that what I sound like? Oh my gosh! I don't want to get buried alive at ALL!
Did you know that you can now get digital prints for only 29 cents? This will change the world!
Chief among my loves is the love of tricking people! I bet I can totally fool the Utahraptor today.
And so, once again, I am forced to reject a fantasy because it is based on bad science! 
Is it because those blurred faces remind you that no matter what, the past can never be completely known?
Who could it be? Who have I forgotten?? MAYBE it's a pretty lady who wants to kiss me sometime!
Are you sure that's a good attitude, T-Rex? Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to fulfill it!
Hey, here's a friendly tip: you shouldn't try to impress women by bragging about how much you can eat!
I wasn't going to BRAG!  My lovemaking technique consists of a series of awkward fumbles and whispered apologies.
Huh? There's no allegory. Just a twist at the end when we find out the whole thing was psychosomatic!
HEY, WHY AM I HUNGRY? I JUST ATE A FEW HOURS AGO. I HAD A CHICKEN SAMMICH. I THINK?
Too much of my life has been spent on not being a magician. It's time to change all that.
Also, this pet will have to be cuter than I am, thereby making me look even tougher in comparison!
I guess I just don't see what you gain by having such a list, much less a well-publicised one!
Sure would! Hmm, I wonder if statistical measures of association would correlate well with human judgement of construction acceptability?
You can't apply broad generalizations to heterogeneous groups.  Each person has their unique properties and outlook on life.
I could make some joke about tautological advertisements, but I find them too annoying to laugh at right now.
Where would we be without pretension? We'd be short a few critical essays on Leonard Cohen, that's for sure.
How hard can it be to chew and swallow 12 desiccated dry and salty crackers in under a minute?
I'm so convinced in my own abilities that I'll bet you FIVE DOLLARS that I'll pull this one off.
What? I haven't mentioned anything that would make people say that!  I'm talking about legal ages of consent!
It's been warm and then hot and then uncomfortably hot and then warm again, which suggests to me that
Dromiceiomimus, horray for summer!!  Would you like to come with me and Utahraptor to the cottage this weekend?
And he would have no idea why suddenly all these people are making out with him!  From behind!
There's this crazy rash I've got on my wrist. This is an unwelcome development that I did not invite!
Yes!  The moon!  There's no air up there so it makes sense that he ends up asphyxiated.
Did you know that during a Quiddich match, it turns out that one of Harry's teachers is a vampire?
Well! I guess our only hope is to focus all of our willpower on changing things back to normal!
But... MAYBE this is something we simply can't fully diagnose with our senses - maybe it's just too subtle!
Isn't that an odd and frankly creepy way to describe something? "I'm really interested in your womanly characteristics, darling."
And I guess all the pain and death in the world is also just to make things more interesting?
Dude, I gain the knowledge that if I die, the rest of the universe dies with me. Woo hoo!
Oh man, do I ever love parties! And parties held at this particular house are always the BEST EVER.
I understand, and it's difficult to deal with! But sometimes actors do have to look the part they're playing.
Aw, sure they do, Dromiceiomimus! Here, let me give you a pat on the head.  You've earned it!
Wow! If that's the case, you're better at it than me! I start to feel sick after about five.
Their names sound like common phrases that people might say sometimes! "Just in the nick of time"? Hee hee!
I choke! It goes down the wrong tube or whatever. It's very embarrassing and sometimes I require medical attention.
Well, to be fair, there's a difference between practicing eating and just doing many times over many years, T-Rex.
A good friend who keeps such conversations in strict confidence, no less!  So, tell me about your problems.
Like spicy leather?  I wouldn't have eaten them under normal circumstances, but, you know, free internet ostrich meat.
Following this rule, I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches, because that's what I'd like, Mmm-mmm delicious!
You know T-Rex, you sure are using the word 'awesome' a lot.  Is your vocabulary really that limited?
Wait - T-Rex, you claim to hear the voice of God!  What does he say about all this?
Dude, he's a diplodocus with one of those square graduation hats on him!  WHAT IS NOT TO LIKE?
Why isn't anyone attending their classes?  Guys!  Class is on!  It's time to go to class!
Something difficult yet possible, Dromiceiomimus!  My stars!  This is like a 1920s comedy routine without the punchline.
How about you go TWO DAYS wihtout stomping on anyone or anything?  This is my challenge to you.
I will float on this piece of debris, but I am sorry, there is only enough room for one!
I find it exquisitely funny to give someone a nickname that is at odds with said person's true identity.
Everyone loves orange juice! Well, except for people who have cuts on their lips, but they've made their choice.
That's exactly it!  Is marijuana addictive?  Who knows!  This tiny bug on my nose doesn't know!
Nope, cause then you could be killed by an old guy!  This machine delights in ironically vague deaths.
Crazier: there's probably a greater mass of HeLa cells now than there was of Henrietta when she was alive!
And with that, I exhaust all my knowledge of Henrietta and HeLa cells. I am well and truly tapped.
So I never really found out about mind-altering drugs.  Are they a GOOD idea, or a BAD idea?
You, um - well, you raise some valid points about my methodology that I really should have considered sooner.
It's DEFINITELY time to call in some old debts.  Luckily for me I'm a one-man debt collection agency!
Hah, hah, too late! Looks like being T-Rexian is using unpopular and out of favour slang for no reason!
T-Rex, you're just ripping off every movie ever made with computers in it. What are you saying that's new?
That's true! Luckily, as I say, this has never happened to me. Therefore, double high fives for conflict avoided??
IF YOU ARE UNINTERESTED IN HEARING MY TREATISE ON COMPUTER CONTROLLED STORYTELLING I WILL FIND A MORE RECEPTIVE AUDIENCE
What is the point about worrying about the Self if the Self is in a constant state of change?
Oh-kay! Socialism is when people share the means of production and stuff. Everyone works together for the common good!
It's a tragic flaw of our characters that we don't share as often, or as equally, as we should.
Not hardly! You can't deal with the "issue" of socialism by just summing it up in a few sentences!
I like people whose names tell sho