Well, I've made up my own joke to get him today. All I need to do is "find that Utahraptor!"
It sounds a little more like a service to hook people up with sexually permissive and sexually available dudes, T-Rex!
You'll have to wear them every day, so maybe you'll, um, want to see how they look before you commit?
T-Rex : Gosh darn it! If these rappers spoke more slowly, we'd ALL be able to understand what they're saying.
When I had my first crush on a girl, I believed that everyone else was CRAZY for not liking her.
As you put your hand on the door to Relationship Towne, you decide to want to shoot some dudes instead.
NO I AM TALKING ABOUT THE EXPANSION OF THE UNIVERSE SPEEDING UP UNTIL ALL STRUCTURES BEGIN TO TEAR THEMSELVES APART
Poster T-Rex: Do you miss being a pirate? I miss being a pirate.  We've all made some bad decisions.
"The sexual intercourse was cut short because Tony kept muttering 'Where am I gonna find the 10 thousand dollars though?'"
KNIFE to meet you, gentlemen!!  Sorry if I flew off the HANDLE.  And now, I BLADE you adieu!
Shakespeare: For thy sweet love remember'd such wealth brings / That then I scorn to change my state with kings.
Tiny Batman Head: i don't know why people say in real life i would be shot. i wear bullet-proof armour!
But what have you done LATELY? I actually think that maybe you coast a bit on your past successes, T-Rex.
Is a 98% reduction in mass tiny enough for you?  Utahraptor.  THEY ARE THE MAYORS OF TINY TOWNE.
I wonder if there would ever be a nation in the future that described itself in opposition to other nations!
Because he's got a disease that robs him of his memories, relationships and identity.  It is death before death.
Well, no, a real one. But if I use a fake one the prank will be found out too soon!
Tell me honestly, Mr. Tusks: do you think my grave pranks are DEFINITELY the most awesome ideas you've ever heard?
And both "dust"s are the same part of speech there, too, so you can't use word order to determine meaning!
Movie Poster Text: One "BY THE BOOKS" COP and one WISE-CRACKING CRIMINAL have to TEAM UP to CATCH OTHER CRIMINALS
Movie Poster Text: also the cop is a DINOSAUR we should have put that on the TOP of the POSTER
Yeah, I get that! So, what: the mental strength, self-confidence and I guess time-management skills intrinsic to having twenty girlfriends?
Yep!  Let me tell you man, these days when the phone rings, I think it might be a girl!
There are many situations in which "that's what she said!" may be appropriately used! For example, after someone says, uh,
Or MAYBE, climate isn't changing at all. Or maybe it is, but who cares because it's all someone else's fault!
Snyes, it it. It's the same snow joke over and over, and anyone could do it, and it's not funny!
Freestyle Rap Man: My freestyle rap is a bunch of crap; I got low self esteem and that's about that
Freestyle Rap Man: Wait, my esteem got a lot better / When my grandmom bought me that nice new sweater!
Yeah, what if you were born with a set number of funny jokes, and now you've used them all up?
I'm having a similar problem with my MP3 player! It keeps losing my playlist and I have no idea why.
You are, but it's okay, she's into it too!  She loves it, actually.  I'll give you her number!
Some people do not cherish awkward moments as I do. Lukily for them, I have come up with a solution!
But can you imagine how fun it would be, to have that sensation of movement indoors, while not actually moving?
Hah! PRECISELY. And it keeps happening throughout the film. The power goes out, and nationwide, folks slip on the lube.
The Beach Boys... well, it seems the Beach Boys wish they were older, living together, and sleeping with each other.
After moving in together, the Beach Boys take a trip to Surf City, where there's two women for every man!
I can win this by asking the big questions, the important unanswerable questions that science doesn't have an answer to!
Well, if it isn't Religion! Out crushing the life of some poor woman under its trusty patriarchal foot, I see!
BEN I QUESTION YOUR ACTING ABILITY! IF WE WERE ALL FRIENDS, I AM CERTAIN YOU WOULD BE "THE IRRITATING ONE"!
T-Rex, I'm really sorry, but I can't do this anymore.  I can't be with someone I can't communicate with.
Hah! I can't believe I didn't see it at the time. I can't believe I didn't see it until now!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: If they ened up inside our stomachs, we could eat anything we want and not get fatter!!
YOUR CIRCULATORY SYSTEM MIGHT NOT SUFFER CATASTROPHIC FAILURE, LEAVING EVERY ONE OF THE CELLS INSIDE YOUR BODY TO SILENTLY DIE!
"Someone's Sara-Lee branded / cherry pie / makes me glad that I've heard that / they're now in high supply"
The story ends when the young man, whom I shall call "Gregory", dies, scorned by his family and loved ones!
Passers By 1, 2, and 3: So what happens next, mysterious stranger?  We still really want to hear more!
Well, Utahraptor, the planet is exploding at the end of the day. Anything you wish you'd done before you die?
There are not enough internet acronyms. If I want to speak entirely in internet acronyms like LOL and ROFL -
Earlier today my nose was like, "Hey, T-Rex! I'm gonna leak blood for no reason!" and I was all "...Awesome?"
T-REX IN HEAVEN THE BULLET HOLE WATER THING HAPPENS TO ANYONE WHO DIED FROM BEING MACHINE GUNNED IN THE CHEST
In some comics when a character is confused, rather than saying anything in particular, they just say a question mark.
Today is a good day I think for helping folks grappling with grief from the loss of a loved one!
Well, isn't that the old paradox? Can God create a sentence with grammar so bad, even HE can't correct it?
T-Rex, you can't "play by your own rules" every day! That's nothing more than a catchy way to describe nihilism!
Mr. Tusks: Hullo, T-Rex!  I dressed up as a werewolf wearing a stethoscope to try to cheer you up!
And if I were to say "I kissed him with my lips on the lips", that would be breaking Quantity!
I think theme is more "what your story says" than "what your character is able to do". See the difference?
Once upon a time there was a woman who woke up as a man! That's her. Pretty tough, right/ Frig!
Utahraptor's comic: Tina Rex was a woman with a curse. Tina Rex was a woman with a very peculiar curse.
Nope! And to answer your next question: I HELD IT IN. I held it in, AND THEN, I fell asleep.
Guys, I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but, well, here we are. I should just say it.
Dromiceiomimus! Which creature goes on four feet in the morning, two feet at noon, and three feet in the evening?
Wouldn't you get more out of your days if you spend less time destroying and more time considering YOUR SOUL?
Dear audio diary: today I looked crazy and didn't get a lifetime supply of gold or water. I blame monotheism
What a terrible movie THAT was. I'd definitely rate it one of the Top 50 Worst Films Of All Time!*
Hey, is it FUBSY in here? It feels like it's fubsy in here. Are you wondering what "fubsy" means, God?
But nobody says "Oh my God, are you okay??" to mean "Oh my God, do you have a sufficient salary??"
It appears that there is some aspect of myself that craves a meaning - any meaning - to my actions.
Sorry?  I said the SNES was the best console ever because I never had one and they looked fun!
Well, alright, then I guess I'll just end up dating someone who WANTS a hella creepy date with a stranger!
WHAT? They store a phrase in my sparkling mind and now they're abandoning it? I call FRIGGIN' SHENANIGANS on that!
So what's the problem?  Player Two should accept all the time - some money is better than none, right?
Exactly, and that's something!  We're not ALL motivated by greed.  Some of us are ALSO motivated by pride.
Let us divide it among us so we each get a fair amount, yes? I will divide exactly into thirds!
Act V, Scene I? Lady Macbeth is all, "Out, damned spot!! Out, I say! Oh wait, here's my time machine!"
Air that touches his cooling body continues to transmute, and he's soon covered in a fine golden layer of ash.
And YOU'RE blocking a much smaller number of particles from hitting the planet, so it'll move a little towards you!
If you're bitten by a zombie then you become a zombie, so all the vampires would eventually be vampire zombies!
Um - "That's not what happened," she said, wiping her mouth.  T-Rex realized it wasn't vomit, it was -
The problem is, I don't have any control - conscious at least - over what gets deleted and what stays.
Today is "What would things be like if we had lifespans of millions of years?  Guys, let's pretend" day.
WELL I KNOW EXACTLY 217 PEOPLE ARE CURRENTLY PLANNING TO SNIFF THEIR OWN POO AND CLAIM IT WAS AN "ACCIDENT"
Okay, my body is big AND tall AND it has many hidden surprises. I wonder which one YOU'LL discover next?
Right. So that raises the question: IS EVERYONE FROM THAT PERIOD IN HELL, OR IS HEAVEN OVERWHELMINGLY POPULATED BY RACISTS?!
Aw man, do you really think so?  Frig, I'd be TOTALY POOCHED.  I've eaten so many friggin' animals!
Hey everyone, let's kick up our metaphors a notch, okay?  It's time for 800-pound gorillas to become 1000-pound gorillas!
If we accept that all perspectives are equally non-binding, then intellectual or moral arrogance will determine which perspective has precedence!
Okay, shoot, I know I had something planned here.  What word was I going to use?  S-... "Standard"?
Didodecarestandardizational: something referring to or about the restandardization process in a way that is related to 2 groupings of 12.
Impossible! I'm certain that THIS song will be so good that, for the rest of time, folks will forever say,
The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude / I say to him "Hark! Who goes?"
In conclusion, cognitive linguists love conceptual metaphors because they allow us to describe direction as an intensely desirable giant bucket.
Shakespeare, you should have a line that says "Forsooth, if this were in a play, I'd want my tuppence back!"
Then you must not've been looking, Dromiceiomimus! My left fist is called "Plan B" because it solves so many problems!
What is the attraction to this structure of humor? Why are there so many jokes about men walking into bars?
The "ouch" is startling. How could entering a bar hurt? It forces us to now re-evaluate our most basic assumptions.
So I am a guy who is really afraid of going crazy. I don't want to go crazy, okay guys??
Wow, everyone should've just listened to me in the past because I still totally agree with what I was saying!
I am a man who enjoys eating a barbecued pork chop now and again and then a few times more.
Damn damn damn.  I can't call now and reschedule because I'll have to admit that I forgot entirely. 
So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer, right? Everyone's all, "He's an A+ umber one writer dude"?
So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer, right? Everyone's all, "He's an A+ umber one writer dude"?
Wow, you got here fast! You either skipped ahead, or camped a while. I admire your patience... or lack thereof.
Five! Folks who say that's a good point but it's not my role to make everyone conform to my world-view.
Dromiceiomimus, I didn't say "famous"! I said BEST. My opening line is way better than those despite its (relative) obscurity!
Linguistic universals are a small handful of properties that can be universally applied to every natural language on the planet!
Dear audio diary! I- I must now record the one sentence I'd always thought I'd be able to avoid. 
That was an extremely funny joke, Utahraptor! You should be laughing right now. EVERYONE SHOULD BE LAUGHING, RIGHT NOW. 
ESPECIALLY BUMS, when they're acting as a friction brake.  I thought we covered this with your "infinite skateboard" idea?
LATER: "PROFESSION MEMBERS" IS REPLACED WITH "MEMBERS OF AN IDENTIFIABLE SOCIAL CLASS OR GROUP OF WHICH WE ARE NOT MEMBERS"
I am a  sensible guy who does sensible things. My favourite expression is "Fellows! Let us be SENSIBLE." However!
But MY opinions are about usage. Let us eschew all this metaphorical rape and only talk about LITERAL rape, okay??
Well, sure! It would be harder to hear my accent, however, if our conversation were relayed in a text-based medium.
Like WTF! If I had an enemy named "Walter Theodore Freemont" I could invent WTF and then he'd be annoyed.
That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario, listen I gotta go lie down.
That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario, listen I gotta go lie down.
And you agree that this is the right thing for me to do, assuming nobody is hurt through the stomping.
Utahraptor, were you using my new punctuation there? Did you mean to convey "Convince everyone it's a good idea, bitches!!"?
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: Today is the day I give Dromiceiomimus the nice book I bought for her!
It stands for "I will flip the bird RIGHT NOW to anyone who doesn't like hugs; I'm not even joking."
Since I do not have a joke readily available, I will just have to resort to entertainment through violence. 
Well, I'm going to be an adult, Utahraptor! I'm going to memorize ALL SORTS of useful facts about my body!
David Hilbert was a mathematician and hotelier who was born in 1892.  He built an infinite hotel, you guys!
The Devil: WHAT EXCUSE ME T-REX BUT IF YOU WANT TO MESS WITH GAMEPLAY WHY BOTHER REMAKING A CLASSIC GAME
I was thinking more like Brother Entropy or Uncle Everybodydies! You know? "Apples are a delicious gift from Aunt Thestrongwilleattheweak."
God, off-panel: LITERALLY RIGHT NOW THERE IS A RESTAURANT 60 METERS AWAY FROM YOU THAT IS SERVING THESE EXACT DISHES
The Future Generations {{off-screen}}: I wonder if when he was alive he had any advice for us, the future generations!
We're getting closer to computers that can choose their own words, and this shows how sensitive these choices can be!
[[Panels 1-4 and the left half of panel 5 are all in a thought-bubble emanating from Utahraptor in this panel]]
Well, not right now, but tell you what, T-Rex: if any come up, you'll be the first person I'll call!
COMICS IN WHICH THE READER LACKS SUFFICIENT CONTEXT BY WHICH TO MAKE THE POINT CLEAR TO HIS OR HER SELF.
I've decided that despite the commercialism of the season, I will still be giving out presents to all my friends!
I have been secretly programming in my spare time! What's more, I have completed my first game. I call it...
Today I am not going to make any decision, except for this decision, just now, not to make any decisions!
The next panel is the end of this comic, and there is a DINOSAUR at the end of this comic!
However, in most cases things are independent. The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll!
However, in most cases things are independent. The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll!
I just hope my arch-nemesis, Khan, a genetically engineered superman from Earth's Eugenic Wars of the 1990s, doesn't show up!
That's right Kirk!  And though I may think, tactically, in 2 dimensions, I can still destroy your precious Enterprise!
If anything I could say that this cab was rare, but I thought, "Nah, forget it: yo home, to Bel-Air!"
I put down my fork and said that was good, since anything she ate would be, by definition, Indian food!
Your self-vocalized musings provide the perfect segue into my announcement that I have discovered a way to travel between universes!
Sure, all you need are sychronized timers! Send one bit to say 'start counting' and a second to say 'stop!'
Dromiceiomimus, I am going to go on a trip around the world. Would you like to be my "travelling companion"?
The other day I heard a math joke that I just had to share!  So there's this party, right?
And you should stop saying that, because saying life is a neoclassical pastiche is ridiculous, and nobody agrees with you.
Anyway! In conclusion, presentism has good points and bad points and is not as interesting as I thought it was!
Then we have a circle wipe to 8 hours later, and <x> has happened to them anyway! Ho ho! Whoops!
It is now! It is if that's the format I have to use to tell my readers that they're scared!
Maybe it's not you, it's me! MAYBE there were many small things that added up to this relationship not working.
THAT'S, I think, how you get a child with the highest number of people who could possibly claim parentage. Tada!
You have arrived in the time of the dinosaurs! Looking around, you see a large green T-Rex. He seems excited!
It's much more interesting than world politics was anyway.  It's got women!  Women in the mood to KISS!
I wonder what all my old friends are up to now... I haven't seen most of them since grade five!
I wonder what all my old friends are up to now... I haven't seen most of them since grade five!
Thanks to chapter three of Steven Pinker's 1989 book "Learnability and Cognition", upon which most of this comic was based.
Anyway, that was sort of tangential! Getting back to the subject: isn't it CRAZY that our minds are something physical!
Oh, hey Utahraptor.  DID YOU KNOW that I just accidentally asked the Dromiceiomimus to give me a thigh five?
And yet, you're talking about talking about it, so do you want me to ask what the crazy thing was?
It does indeed!  It makes me want to go home and sit, alone and sober, in a darkened room.
Man, you'll never find me on a mountaineering expedition or on a voyage to find the Northwest Passage. No thanks!
Oh right! Well, the secret is that when doctors and nurses are "taking your pulse", they're not actually doing that!
Aw man, way to ruin me for any doctor! Now I might have a respiratory problem and I'LL NEVER KNOW.
Dude!  I wasn't trying to IMPRESS her; I was just relaying an amusing anecdote from my own recent history!
I am, a little!  It wasn't the point of my experiment, but holy, there are SO MANY BAD MOVIES.
The Devil! He won't leave me alone, and all he's doing is bragging about the video game consoles he owns.
There are a few moments in my life at which, I can now see in hindsight, critical events took place.
I'm sorry!  It's just hard to talk about bicycles without sexualized language.  That's the nature of the beast!
You know it! Perhaps if I stomp their beautiful (yet deadly) leader, 'Black Lotus', I can end it for good!
Oh man, there were a whole bunch of raccoons hanging around outside my house last night!  I was like,
Hello Dromiceiomimus! Did you know that if you held your eyes open when you sneezed, the could pop out? Pop!
Well, have you tried getting rid of him?  Hey T-Rex, isn't it great how the Devil is PRETTY LAME?
Right! Well, there's something I've been meaning to tell you - something I should have said when we first met...
Buy some food for me while I'm at it. Write a letter to my Grandmother whom I love dearly. Laundry!
Twenty, though! You're almost still a teenager at that age! A baby! How do you know enough to get married?
ANYWAY, T-REX GOES BACK IN TIME TO WHEN HE WAS 20, FINDS THE LOVE OF HIS LIFE, AND MARRIES HER:
That's a start!  It'll document the world around me to ensure that my own beliefs can't enter the frame.
Dromiceiomimus!  Listen, I have a question for you: would you rather kiss a music student, or a psychology student?
Where does knowledge come from? Does it derive from our obsercations of the world, or could it possibly be... innate?
Hey, let's go flip a coin to decide!  And then we can deduce the outcome by thinking about it!
Seriously?  Wow, I guess you're right, huh?  Huh!  Well, that really puts my travel plans in perspective.
Well, I can see the use of "actress", because the gender of the person affects what roles they can play.
Finally, there is social liberalism and national pride, but not one that is predicated on making other countries seem worse.
Oh yeah?  I'M so manly that I manage my emotional output, plus I swim all the way up waterfalls!
What about all the good times we shared? How can you be so cold-blooded? Or was that a lie too?
My friend, tonight not only do we get to party, but we get to party while eating free delicious snacks!
T-REX HAS AUDITIONED FOR A PLAY.  HE BELIEVES THE AUDITION WENT WELL, BUT HAS NOT BEEN AWARDED A PART.
Also, this one time? I ate a whole lasagna before dinner but my paren