Aw, I think you'd look cute in them! I also think you can turn this around and make glasses your thing, you know?
Morris:i always try to be a good friend, even though things pretty often don't work out very well for me in the end
Feynman has a JOKE encoded into pi - transcendental immortality in the circumference of a circle! That's something for the ol' resume, eh?
Here: How about "Everyone else on the planet is dead, and you will die only when you've fully mourned each and every one."
Excuse me, sexual congress? Everyone else on the planet is dead, and you'll only die when you've fully mourned each and every one!
Huh? Oh, no - I was just saying "Yes!" because I was remembering how I felt this morning when I found my keys!
Room 501 doesn't have a door yet. It's Not Implemented! And there's a big hole where room 410 should be, because it's Gone.
Ah, what a busy day.  Time for me to go to bed and be naked and unconscious for, oh, about eight hours!
Music:  Party party party hard  Party in a dude's backyard  Party party party nice  Party hard to be precise
But I only do that when I've done something awesome - like. . . like when I built a larger-than-life statue of myself!
Mr Tusk's secretary: I'm sorry but the vice mayor is out on a SMALL errand.  Would you like to leave a message?
Is it true that the content of our thoughts - their very meaning - is determined, at least in part, by our environment?
Book Cover Text: when will we pick up the phone to talk about this rather than going through publishing companies, is my question
Pretty ridiculous! But then I recalled Socrates "The unexamined life is not worth living" and at that point my head pretty much exploded.
So Columbus discovers America, right? Or at least, he REdiscovers the continent. He discovers it for Europe. Maybe not for the first time.
I'm frustrated at my apparent inability to have a serious conversation about feelings without making jokes about how ridiculous all feelings are ever!
Well, if there has been a moral to my life over the past few days, it has been this: never lose a baby!
Never lose a baby, because if you do, you might be forced to pay for the loss with one of your own babies!
I know it's terrible, and I know many people are like this. But I can't deny it any longer! I am that guy!
Then count me in too. I've always kinda wanted to try that, and even if we bomb, it will at least be fun!
I have lots of my own money so I can eat cookie dough whenever I want. I don't even have to cook it!
Hah, just kidding!  I tried to come up with a way to suppress happiness, but I'm not HAPPY with the results yet.
I won't say that I'm "better" for having this skill of "actor separation", but it's a skill I have that makes me better.
Criminals: We're criminals, but we're afraid of skulls. Lucky thing it's dark, because even if there were some here, we wouldn't see them!
T-Rex, I do not celebrate this holiday! I'm actually celebrating Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day, which happens to fall on the same day.
That sounds like a GREAT idea! Now I'll be backing away from you with my arms held up in a "don't shoot" position.
The Devil: GREETINGS T-REX ARE YOU FAMILIAR WITH THE NEWEST ENTRY IN THE POPULAR YET CONTROVERSIAL "GRAND THEFT AUTO" SERIES OF VIDEO GAMES
Life is too friggin' fragile! And when I say "life", I mean life in general, but really, I mean my life in particular.
So Paul Grice went on to clarify his cooperative principle, identifying four maxims describing how people generally communicate. He called these "GRICEAN Maxims".
YES. YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY SAY "DO YOU HAVE ANY SEXY FRIENDS, BEYOND ME, THAT IS" AND THEN DATE WHOEVER THEY COME UP WITH
T-Rex, it's me, T-Rex from the future! Don't let Utahraptor read your comic because he's going to be a dick about it, okay?
He or she isn't!! S/he is jsut a little passive-aggressive. He/she is just tired of picking socks out of the ceral or whatever.
But the fun thing of bingo is in dabbing the numbers, in building up suspense as the game progresses. You've made it boring!
Well, I mean, not EXACTLY. Metaphorically. It was a good metaphor. By "exactly", I meant to communicate "Utahraptor, that is an exact metaphor."
But I made a list and I've already got like four or five T-Rex's conditions. Plus, Appetite Asperger's has assonance going for it!
It's just -- it's such a good word, I wish I had more chances to use it. Would you say you're FUBSY, Dromiceomimus?
The driver misunderstands the question; he thinks it's about whether or not he makes enough money to "get by" in today's difficult world!
The Devil: MMM I MUST CONFESS TO HAVING THIS WHOLE CONVERSATION PLANNED OUT IN MY HEAD BUT I FAILED TO ANTICIPATE THIS RESPONSE
"Ho, there," came a cry from across the boulevard. "Quite a smashing hat you've got there!" It was the thunder-lizard's friend, another thunder-lizard.
Exactly! But maybe this is the best possible world for YOU, personally. Maybe this is as close to heaven as you'll ever get!
I suppose it shows that people aren't motivated ENTIRELY by greed, even in situations involving money and a stranger you'll never see again.
FINE. What if I divided it so that no-one would wnat to trade their piece with someone else? That's fair! That's ENVY-FREE, baby!
You know what's freaky?  Ghost ships!  Ships sent sailing and found drifting weeks or months or years later, and EVERYBODY'S GONE.
Solving this mystery will put to rest many of the niggling mysteries of my creation!  I will finally have an "origin story"!
There's plenty of guys named "Bob", but I can still float in a volume of water without everyone suddenly reminiscencing about those dudes!
Hey, maybe the ancient Greeks all died out and evolved into current Greeks PRECISELY BECAUSE they didn't have a word for "sandwich love"??
But I'll have to be careful about this. I want TEMPORARY amnesia; I don't want to end up not remembering anything ever again!
Any machine that travels through time has to be a machine that travels through space as well! I've been saying this for years.
If I had lived in the past I'd have different beliefs, because I'd have nobody modern around me to teach me anything else!
Adults can eat whatever foods they want, but also have to pay income taxes and manage personal finances, which is Boring and Stupid!
I am too.  I think this will be the best TEAM ESSAY ON THE SIGNIFICANCE OF FRIENDSHIP IN EARLY EASTERN LITERATURE ever!
Attention, people who are hunting jobs! You are know as "job hunters" and guess what? I have some tips for you, my friends!
many jokes begin with this line. It is called the "set-up", and is analogous to establishing-shots in films or first paragraphs in essays.
Dromiceiomimus, I'm really glad we're friends. I like how we hang out and I like that we've shared so much together. So- thanks!
Super! I've never said this, but I love how when you come over for dinner you always bring some wine. It's old-school classiness!
I still think that it's not half as striking as if you didn't say a particular word for a bit - say, "frig"?
Stephen Hawking says the best proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not overrun by loads of tourists from the future!
Domiceiomimus: What urban legend did you hear? The one where a woman eats a hot dog but then it's actually a real dog?
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD HOW'D THEY KNOW WHAT WE WERE DOING i'VE HAD THAT TAPE FOR TEN YEARS OH MY GOD
You'll be able to eat all you want and get that great "I'm so full, you guys" feeling, but never gain any weight!
I guess not, except for the fact that the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance is a HIGH SCHOOL BALL and not a wedding!
T-REX ADAM AND EVE ARE TE ONES WHO ARE SUPPOSED TO EAT FROM THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE YOU'RE GOD IN THIS STORY REMEMBER
What do you mean, "And then what"? And then I'm going to read a bunch of startlingly accurate predictions about our futuristic society!
It would be pretty amazing to go through life knowing that in the future, people not only remember but also APPROVE of you.
Only so many characters can splash around in a swimming pool at the same time.  And they keep bumping into each other!
Man, Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten!!
Man, Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten!!
So it's in my interest to outbid him with 3 cents: that way I can at least make a profit of 97 cents!
Yes!  Today is the day for some tips on how to convince yourself that no matter what you'll never find anyone bett-
The Devil: EITHER HE DIDN'T HEAR ME OR HE BELIEVED THAT THE MOST ILLUMINATING ANSWER TO MY QUESTIONS WAS TO CONTINUE EATING CORN
Yeah, vampires can make more vampires either through bites OR through sex.  They have an entire reproduction option that we don't have!
Do they do it in the comfort of their own home? Do they do it in the "skate park"? Who knows?! They're teens!
I used to be against people who left their Christmas lights up on their houses all year long. It was lazy, I said!
LATER: T-REX VANDALIZES A BATHROOM WALL WITH THE WORDS "STEPHEN HAWKING AND CARL SAGAN, YOU BOTH HAVE UNWITTINGLY DONE ME A SMALL UNKINDNESS"
THOSE HORIZONTAL BARS ON OLD WEBSITES THAT LOOK LIKE A CIRCULAR SAW IS MOVING BACK AND FORTH TO CUT THE WEBPAGE IN HALF:
Today I've been operating under the assumption that when you talk to a T-Rex (such as myself, you understand) - everyone's a winner!
What is left for me to do? I am king of all that I survey! I am the dominant creature on the planet!
            i          to
He'd certainly wish he'd stomped the soap out of the way (much as I now stomp this little house) as he passed on!
You have retreated too far into the realm of fantasy and have forgotten that I did not in fact expire in the shower!
I've made a fantastic discovery: a discovery bound to send the music theorists back to their dusty old drawing boards! For you see....
While you may well be the authority on all things T-Rex, this does not mean that people should accept your judgments without question!
This means that there is no such thing as truth! Your idea of what is right could be just as good as mine!
You misrepresent the science. All vantage points are relative, however, this does not mean that all THINGS are relative. That would be absurd.
With new understandings coming from the field of Science, we no longer have to give God all the credit for creating the Universe!
This time machine is a watch, one that allows me to travel through time at the fantastic rate of one second per second.
You are a T-Rex, undisputed King of the Dinosaurs. You are out stomping when you see a log cabin! Turn to panel 2.
You turn to run away, but the Utahraptor chases you! Luckily, you end up becoming friends and live happily ever after. THE END
It works as follows: assume it's your birthday today, Dromiceiomimus. If I were to say, "Happy birthday, Dromiceiomimus!" that would sound normal, yes?
Only later, in the evening, do you realize that you've spent another day stuck in your self-imposed rut! Another day, down the drain!
We can race! We'll ring our little bells as we zoom by pedestrians, making their hair swoosh in the direction of our travel!
I like the flowers and the sky, They light up my spirit and let it fly, They keep my happiness in high supply,
Alright, so I'd like to build a time machine for Utahraptor so he'll feel better, but building one is clearly way too hard!
You're talking to yourself like you are two different people, and it is a societal norm that people who do that are insane.
Dromiceiomimus, do you know how to play any bliuegrass instruments? Do you know how to play the banjo, or fiddle, or a mandola?
For instance, my mother was left, at the age of 22 and with two children to care for, by a sometimes-abusive, always-absent husband.
Ah, forget it! I was going to build a temple for God, but it's too hard. I will simply VIOLATE our VERBAL CONTRACT.
I have been wondering what it would be like if people could "save" and "restore" their life, just like in a computer game.
I'm not as gullible as everybody seems to think I am. I know that the Utahraptor is not the one from my universe!
But how? I don't really know how to do anything besides stomp on things. Maybe if he needed something stomped I could help!
So, I accept that I am the epitome of the male form with typical grace. But what is with my getting a sunburn?
How were you aware of the extreme extent of my desire? How were you aware that I would offer my affections without hesitation?
THEN, you give the child to the polyamorous crowd, who have new members replace old ones quickly and quite often. Um, infinitely often.
T-Rex's Memoirs: Years later, I would reflect on this exchange, and find in it so much of what I missed from that time.
More concretely: what can I do NOW that is meaningful and justified and purposeful and justified and purposeful and not - pointlessly absurd?
I'm experimenting with it.  They say that women like a man with confidence, so I will be the most confident man ever!
Self-justification from philosophers who can't reach a conclusion, my friend! I want ANSWERS, not debate! I want a one sentence SUMMARY of LIFE.
Boy, would I ever hate to be buried alive. I can't think of anything I'd dislike more! I mean - damn! Buried alive!
That's a healthy attitude, T-Rex! It'll let you explore things you otherwise might not, because you won't be worried about what others think!
I am comforted by the fact that a type of immortality may still be possible. I speak of course of immortality through art!
Oh, is this one of those dumb Conspiracy Secrets, wherein fluoride is actually designed to induce pregnancy in freshly married women or something?
T-Rex, we've gone over this before! Remember? Immrtality could violate conservation of energy laws? Science means that not all dreams can come true?
Dromicieomimus: Oh, whatever, T-Rex!  You're as trim as always.  meanwhile, I must have put on at least 20 pounds since January!
It'll be fantastic, Dromiceiomimus! I will motivate through a combination of folk wisdom and "uncommon sense" advice couched in clever stock market analogies!
How am I to advise this friend - should he break it off?  Should he let the woman make her own decisions?
Okay, honestly, I wanted to talk more about how deep and important some friendships can be, but we've somehow moved away from that.
There's a lot I don't know about being a professional chef.  There's a lot I don't know about a lot of things!
It's just - I can't get over the feeling that you're treating asexuality like an amusing trinket rather than a real sexual orientation.
My stars, I have been so busy lately.  And it continues!  Up to Friday is going to be KRAZY for me.
I think sometimes that I am not a very good friend, because I don't have a very good idea of what is appropriate.
Yes! I've always wanted to do that.  For some reason, I've always wanted to be one of those people who does that!
Ah, to be a child again! To have no responsibilities! To have a high metabolism that allows me to eat whatever I want!
Look at me, I'm complaining about the present by comparing it to how things were back in my day! I'm stereotypically OLD, Utahraptor.
But Dromiceiomimus - infinite time! That means that the possibilities are ENDLESS! There must be a timeframe where we're all pirates or whatever.
Anyway, forget infinite time!  I have a better idea.  What if this universe is just one . . . of many?
I just wish it'd cried less.  I'm sure if the baby and I got to know each other, we could be friends!
This IS the danger in seeing kids as symbols rather than as real people who just want to pick up their own marbles.
Great - listen, I'm sorry I've been a bit snippy lately; I've just been a little stressed out about some things at home.
Yeah.  He's worried he won't look cool in front of his fellow gamers if he speaks with numbers in place of letters?
Dromiceiomimus! I have some very special compliments for sale. Would you like to buy a compliment, gorgeous? (That one is on the house!)
I was sort of expecting that you'd point out flaws of my home business, but sure, I'd be 