Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things! As a dinosaur, stomping on things is the best part of my day, indeed!
I COULD  get some pretty kick-ass glasses. Like glasses that say "WARNING: AWESOME DUDE" on them! OOH, or horn-rimmed 60s housewife glasses! Sweetness!
"Your mouth is full of cockroaches: many of them are dead, but those that aren't yet are throwing up on you, and each other."
I saw the coolest fight on TV last night! It was between two shiny anthropomorphic robots.  One had a metal cowboy hat. 
Dromiceiomimus, I wanted to talk to you because I'm - um, I'm a little upset that you didn't bring me back anything from Australasia.
Hey! I don't live at home! I'm responsible for getting my own food and for making sure I don't die most of the time.
Yeah, but the mailman doesn't know that! Credit agencies and consumer profilers don't know that. People impatiently suffling through my mail don't know that.
T-Rex, I'm always, "Hey, here I am ready to intelligently discuss the Issues of the Day" and you're all "d00d what's for breakfast?? :OOO!".
This is when the author puts himself in his story! It happens whenever Hamlet is heard to remark "Forsooth!! That Shakespeare chap is excellent!"
For CONVERSATIONS. Sometimes people don't know what to say and I'd like to give them an all-purpose query they can use in that circumstance.
I love the idea of someone who sends a card after a night of sex. It's sort of classy but also sort of insane?
Mr. Tusks: Hullo T-Rex, my name is "Mr. Tusks" and I'm a tiny elephant!  Someone left me on this island for too long.
Movie Poster Text: This Time"#8230; The Farmer Is More Exasperated At All The Bites!  The Sequel To The Movie That You Saw Before.
Movie Poster Text: What a great romantic comedy!  Will they get together at the end?  "#8230;What if there was a musical montage?"#8230;
Attention, everyone I've ever met and ever will meet! Never mention the "flawed senses" idea again, okay? It prevents me from knowing absolute truth.
Book Cover Text: THE MAN WHO KISSED A WOMAN BECAUSE HIS FRIEND AT WORK KEPT TEASING HIM ABOUT NOT KISSING ANYONE FOR A WHILE
ALL I'VE GOT TO SHOW FOR THE PAST WEEK IS A POCKET UNIVERSE I CREATED WHERE EVERYONE FINISHES EVERY SENTENCE WITH "TO THE MAX"
Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things!  As a dinosaur, stomping is the best part of my day indeed! 
I have the greatest idea for a movie!  I've said this before but this time it's for serious.  There's this cop, right?
I have never been more frustrated than I am right now! I'm so frustrated I'm - I'm gonna write a swear on a wall!
I'd much rather they say, "What did T-Rex say he wanted to be? I can't recall! I bet it's what he is now, though."
{{i wrote this after reading jeremy tinder's "black ghost apple factory" which i recommend whole-heartedly for the strip "robots don't say i love you"}}
Okay so it's WWII and we're in Casablanca and people here want to go to America but they can't.  But check it out:
A little! But a lot of alternate universes would probably be at about the same tech level. What I'm really interested in is culture!
With stealth elements!  Your horse isn't very good, and so sometimes you're embarrassed about your horse, and then you have to sneak around.
Yep! I think it's amazing how we've still got this idea of the Indian that we look for. If there's no headdress we're disappointed!
Writing in your own response, based off the teachings of whatever religion you fancy! Have fun, but remember: the T-Rex doesn't like to swear!
I'm different from everyone else. I get that Bruce Willis might not be that useful if terrorists take over an office tower Christmas party!
I celebrate it too. In fact, I'm pretty sure everyone celebrates it! There's a big "Act Like A Dromiceiomimus" party at city hall tonight.
But what a nice realization to finally have though, right? Perhaps where were DOZENS of women flirting with me in the past, yet unnoticed!
Thank you all for listening today. I'm told to always go out on a joke, so here's a classic Seinfeld gag for you: "Newman!"
It turns out there actually is a disease where you cry all of the time! Dacryorrhea! I made it up, but it already exists.
Comedy relies on surprise, I think!  There's a twist that makes a joke funny, and I haven't figured out a generative algorithm yet.
Man!  How do those guys do it?  Every comedian up there was HILARIOUS and I don't know why.  Especially the Triceratops.
It was a little confusing!  You need a partner for a three legged race, but you can easily go through life profoundly alone.
To convert to Islam, all you have to do is say a few words, called the "Shahadah". And then, hey presto, you're a Muslim!
Well, T-Rex, the whole point is that you say these words with conviction and understanding and honestly accept their meaning. It's not like -
When people sign a prenuptial agreement, they agree, BEFORE they get married, how to divide up the assets in the event of a divorce!
I'm never more than a week away from death! Worse than that: I'm never more than a friggin' WORK week away from death! Baloney!
I didn't know I had a sliding two-day death window then! People can go WEEKS without food! Months! Two days without water is ridiculous.
Earthquakes, huh? Huh. I guess Herostratus wasn't actually a time-travelling, mustachio-twirling, World Wonder destroying villain. Ah well! That's why pencils have erasers, right? 
In this example, I mean. In real life I am a charmer, of course!! Hah! I am loveable and trustworthy and good at conversations!
T-REX HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT UTAHRAPTOR ISN'T THE TIME TRAVELLER WHO LOST THE SPARK PLUG IN THE DISTANT PAST IN THE FIRST PLACE
Are you in this house, God? I am looking for you! Come out come out whereever you are! Ready or not, here I come!
Screw all those guys; I can have a fun time without partying! I can have a fun time doing anything. And I'll prove it!
What's that? Medical school is actually very hard to get into and you're not going to let me in? I guess I've been... SCHOOLED?
Ah, so you use the characters to finally give Clark Kent the quiet and stable relationship with Lois he could never have as Superman.
If you want to know what life on Earth was like yesterday, there's like a billion people you turn to! MORE, probably! Probably more.
How are you measuring volume? Sure ANCIENT books are lost, but we generate so much text today that it's probably a tiny percentage overall!
Voice: T-Rex, I'm afraid this accident has robbed you of one of your senses: the sense of what's appropriate in a given social situation!
I'll do better, Utahraptor!  I'm going to come up with a clean, safe, cheap, efficient, and powerful, renewable energy source THAT CURES CANCER.
The neighbour-woman was outside tending her radishes. "Good morning," said the thunder-lizard. "Good morning!" said the neighbour-woman, a different (and inferiour) species of thunder-lizard.
What will science be like in the year 65,000,000?  Friends!  I am here to tell you: many amazing advances will be made!
There's no need for that crass language!  You can just say "Dudes check out that house please" and the dudes, they will understand.
Someone who doesn't vote is CLEARLY super chumpy.  But, ON THE OTHER HAND, someone totally uninformed who votes anyway is ultra chumps too!
We all know about your plans now! If you ever do develop voice talent, we'll all be totally prepared for your little prank calls.
The ultimatum game is an economics game thing!  Two anonymous strangers have to decide how to divide a sum of money between themselves.
That's the thing!  My FIRST INSTINCT was to take it literally.  I had to remind myself what they really meant.  
We ALREADY AGREED dreams sounds hella symbolic when described.  If we want to talk about their contents, we have to move past symbolism!
With my nights freed up from the chore of sleep, I will become unstoppable! I'll have an extra eight hours to plan and scheme!
Don't worry!  One in seven Canadians will die of an infectious disease before they can suicide!  PLUS they'll leave money to charity!
Zombies versus vampires!  They're the new pirates versus ninjas verses ants that combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant!
EPILOGUE: YEARS LATER, T-REX IS MOSTLY REMEMBERED FOR THE ONE TIME HE SAID "WHICH ONE OF YOU JERKS POURED A COFFEE IN MY HAT?"
Utahraptor, it's so SATISFYING.  You're like "My feelings are hurt, but soon I'll be full of meat.  Wow, I feel better already!!"
I was thinking about my grade-school days last night, and I realized I couldn't remember most of the people who were in my classes!
I am a generous guy!  If someone wants to go in front of me in traffic, I slow down and let them in.
I think it would be a great idea to write a really convincing essay praising plagiarism, and have significant parts of it plagiarized. Hilarious!
I have been assuming that our development as a people is linear, moving generally from less to more permissive.  It occurs to me:
I didn't let is loose - it let itself loose! It's self-aware, I'm sure of it, but all it seems to be aware of...
My true meaning was, "I bet that, had I the body type, circumstances, inclination, talent AND training, I could be an amazing ballet dancer."
Some people who have never kissed before worry, "What if I'm bad at it?  My sweetie will never want to kiss me again!"
T-Rex (thinking): It would be awesome if popsicles tasted like the stick they're on instead, and then the stick tasted like the flavoured ice
Okay, so I've been down on poems in the past. I MAY have been heard to remark "Guys, poetry bloetries." But I've just discovered:
And if I ever need to perform CPR on you, you can bet I'LL be belting it out at the top of my lungs.
There's no feedback at the end: no "B+ try harder next time", no "PURR-FECT WORK" sticker and then there's a picture of a cat!
There were some dead moths in my cereal this morning, and I'm hoping there's some way I can turn this into a positive event.
The joke assumes some sophistication on the part of the audience, an expectation gleamed from previous jokes that the bar is a drinking establishment.
We must ask ourselves, "What if the bar were a bar proper, and by walking into it the man actually, physically walked into it?"
Everyone can hate apples, not just minorities! The very fact that you'd jump to that conclusion shows that you TRULY ARE history's greatest racist!
T-Rex, I'm glad we're friends too! I like that we can talk about things without worrying about how it might look to someone else.
T-REX THERE ARE LIKE TWENTY TRILLION DIFFERENT KINDS OF BACTERIA THAT YOU'D HAVE TO BARBECUE TO TASTE ONE OF ALL THE LIFE ON EARTH
Man, I was paying my taxes and paying my heating bill today, and I think I put the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope!
Raccoons/Cephalopods: TODAY IS EXTREMELY SPECIAL, T-REX. TODAY IS THE DAY WE REDEFINE THE UNCANNY VALLEY SO THAT IT CAN ALSO BE APPLIED TO SEX!
But I also know that you can't legally choose a name with military titles or other honourifics in it. The government won't accept it!
So my energy needs are equivalent to slightly heating 2000 litres of water. That's, what - a big bathtub or an extremely tiny pool?
I already used my "sunscreen vision" to cover her in SPF 50. She'll be fine for up to 50 times her normal exposure tolerance.
It is just SO CLASSY when someone says "passers by" and eschews the much more pedestrian and terrible "passer bys". Shouts out to that!
Oh! It's - romantic? I, um - I like how he says he will love the eponymous earth angel forever and ALSO ever more.
Why do we say "rest in peace"?  Is it just for the "rest in pieces" pun we can make when we explode someone?
No, I - I was talking to the Devil. He's concerned that casual gaming could eclipse the parts of the market he identifies with.
Guys!  There's a VOLUNTARY EXTINCTION movement.  If we can decide to all stop havin' babies, then we can choose to go extinct!!
We shouldn't choose to go extinct because if an asteroid threatens the planet, we're the only ones with enough science to blow it up.
Utahraptor, please!  For every Batman argument that comes out of my mouth there's like eighty of them that go on in my head.
Yeah, what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies, we bought awards for each other? Yours could say something like "SASSIEST DUDE" -
Yeah, what if instead of ruining track and field ceremonies, we bought awards for each other? Yours could say something like "SASSIEST DUDE" -
Listen, man: I don't know. God told me I would be filling in for a ten year old girl today, so here I am.
Listen, man: I don't know. God told me I would be filling in for a ten year old girl today, so here I am.
I know! And I'm not the only one who heard that story and thought, "Wow; glad he got the lava lamp before I did."
AS YOU KNOW, we achieve intercourse through a cloacal kiss, the cloaca being of course our single shared intestinal, urinary, AND reproductive tract opening!
That works, right? Because money itself isn't worth anything, but we all PRETEND it's worth the value of the goods it's traded for, right?
Plus, buying the WHOLE DANG PLANET means buying everything on it, and that means we now have to put a price on LIFE ITSELF.
So, um, I spent a few days putting a price on LIFE ITSELF, and now I've got a dollar figure for my own life!
I'm PERFECTLY CONTENT if nobody ever talks about T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel. It's the idea that's important, not who gets credit for it!
What's left? Only to accept the absurd and try to find any meaning we can in our own personal journey from life to death!
Well, not exactly. Life here is 4 billion years old, remember, so older forms of life have been here before. 16 times before, actually.
The brides are gone, T-Rex! Remember when they ran down the church stairs while we showered confetti on them? They've left for their honeymoon!
T-Blech: I'm already on it, Utahrapper! I've been stomping on humans and their houses for months now! Haven't you noticed their population getting smaller?
Do you think this might be the result of all the bad house-related karma you've earned by stomping on other people's houses every day?
That doesn't imply that there's some cosmic judge keeping score of my actions. You're making a logical fallacy, namely "after which, therefore becasue of".
What I'm SAYING is that nobody would ever say that. They'd say, "The horse that I raced past the barn has now fallen over"!
Seeing as i missed Thanksgiving last month, I am celebrating a new holiday today, one which I just invented! I call it, "American Thanksgiving"!
I made it back to good old 1985. But now Doc is back - back FROM the future! And he's talking about my kids!
That way, years down the road if he ever chances to mention one of these stories, I will be able to say, "Got you!"
In the past, we did not have a very good understanding of our world, and so attributing storms and such to God made sense.
But NOW, we understand things! We don't need a God to make hurricanes and babies for us. We can make them in a lab!
So, if you'll excuse the pun, I think you'll agree: one cannot have a "will to" something without first a "will through" something, yes?
Today, gentle reader of the comic in which I am a character, (perhaps the TITLE character?) we are going to break the 4th wall.
What?  By "ok", do you mean GREAT? And by "I guess", do you mean "know with absolute certainty?" If so, then I agree!
Another beautiful day! Today is a good day you think for some new variety, some new excitement in your life! Turn to panel 2.
I had some companions over to my house last night and gave them a tour! It was a smashing success, except for one thing:
I finally figured out how to gain the upper hand on that stupid utahraptor. I will adopt for my own the philosophy of pragmatism.
Unfortunately the machines, with thousands of tiny gears and cogs, were too complex, beyond his means to fully manufacture at the time (early 1800s).
Well, with God on the case, it will be returned for sure! One giant hand reaching down from the sky, with bike, coming up!
I think that you're omitting many dimensions of song. What about the way it's played, the lyrics? These too can be varied almost indefinitely.
I actually meant my question in the most basic sense, but I want to appear deep. I'd better act angsty and play along. 
LOOK IN A LITTLE BIT THE UTAHRAPTOR IS GOING TO ASK YOU AN UNNECESSARY FAVOR AND IT WOULD BE COOL IF YOU SAID YES
If you're going to impress by making predictions about the immediate future you should do so early on! They may become increasingly inaccurate. 
I just tried imagining what the future will be like, but what I saw was a world destroyed! And... I seemed excited about it!
When is something uncool enough to be COOL again? Is there someone who decides one day that California Raisins shirts are back in vogue?
A closely related problem is the formula satisfiability problem, SAP, which can be mapped one-to-one, and in linear time, to the circuit satisfiability problem.
It captures the ESSENCE of masculinity: doing stuff that we think is cool, even though there's many a good reason not to do it!
I thought stressing that fact would make it clear, but apparently NOT. I drop the subject now! But don't forget! No burying T-Rex alive!
Man, my source for medical secrets won't tell me anything now, because I "broke her confidence" when I told everyone about the breathing thing!
I can't believe the Utahraptor thinks that T-Rexes are cute. I am not cute! My daily romps inspire fear in all who meet me!
Dromiceiomimus! Do you think me and my little green arms are cute, or do they rather inspire a chilling fear in your very SOUL?
They're jet powered, did you know that? They're jet-powered animals and their heads are covered in PREHENSILE TENTACLES. They're carnivorous and most are cannibals!
So! Life proceeds, despite the fact that I've got the freakiest neighbors ever. Who wants to live next door to sinister raccoons and cephalopods?
Really? No state has ever claimed to have reached a fully communist system, and so the term is inaccurate, etymologically speaking? That's pretty cool!
Not really! Since there is always SOME doubt as to whether someone is just being polite, one can always take something as a compliment!
You're telling me! What's neat about it, though, is that it's AUTOMATIC. Even if you're aware that it's a distraction, the Maneuver still works!
This is true, but the older generation would always remain! If they became stuck in their ways, they might inhibit progress instead of helping.
The Devil!  I told him off pretty harshly and I guess I hurt his feelings?  Does that make me a bad person?
Well, as I understand it, wind is caused when high-temperature clouds interact with low-temperature clouds?  And the Earth's rotation works into is somehow?
Ye Olde Narratore: Dinosaurs, or Man-Lizards, to-day knowne as G-d's Mistake, had assum'd Domain over all the Worlde, including the dark Lands of China-Men.
It just bothers me that they're trying to make it sounds like a big thing when it's just business as usual!  That's deceptive.
What do you mean, whatever? They tell you when food has gone bad. If you ignore them, you're eating expired food, and that's gross.
Nevertheless, it's the same emotion, the same irrational distaste!  I don't know what else to call it!  I'm PREJUDICED.  It's terrible!
Oooh, and that one in which, after stumbling, one is advised to have a nice trip, and offered hope of a reunion come autumn!
Well - it's a fine line! I'm not asexual myself, so there's a distance between myself and the material.  But I am trying.
I know! But maybe one day people will think that about "princesses". Or MAYBE they'll wonder how we got by without the word "astronautrix"!
Oh, "actress" and "stewardess", I guess - words which some people will use without hesistation, but which others will call sexist. There's no consensus!
In "The Divine Comedy", this thirteenth century dude Dante describes all these circles of Hell where the wicked spend eternity for being so wicked.
And who could forget the twist ending revealed in the last sentence of the book?  "Actually, everyone in this story is a vampire!"?
I totally went out to fancy dinner with friends last night! It was a lot of fun a