It can be hard for the homeless to get jobs when they can't provide callback information, so this will be a useful service. Good show, T-Rex!
T-Rex " Utahraptor: ...but to attribute that thinking to yourself just because you're aware of it is an awful big leap for a skeptic to make!
Ah, the "big rip" theory. Yeah, it's a newer one but pretty interesting to consider. We've still got over 20 BILION years before it'll happen though!
SOME people are used to counting in base 10, where they've got 10 digits (0 through 9). In this system, the number 24 means twenty-four things!
For example, "idiot", "moron", and "imbecile" were once terms used by psychologists to denote various degrees of developmental delay. Neutral terms, if you can believe that!
I'm so manly that whenever I sneeze I accidentally rip open my shirt, because all my muscles flex at once! Sometimes I rip open my SKIN.
NO, not wow - that didn't work! But I did it before. I threw my voice before and it was AMAZING. I just need more practice!
And if people start causing trouble, I will say, "Are you looking for trouble, Mister?  Because you have found the trouble you were looking for!"
If I'm going to be verificationist, I'd better figure out what it means to say that something is true!  I'm going to start with... relativism!
You know how in stories, whenever a character has the chance, he always decides that it's too dangerous to know too much about his own future?
I say "I'm glad you found my stories arousing" and I shake their hand and I smile and stare at them for a long, unblinking moment.
No. What? I don't know how to explain it better. If twenty girlfriends can lift up a car then I can lift up that car too.
But they have to be good stories. Stories with plots in which there are good guys and bad guys, and then some explosions happen to them!
They were out of rubber mallets, so I bought a vegetable steamer instead. Now all my problems look like vegetables in need of a good steaming!
Guy gives fire back to mortals, and as punishment by Zeus he's chained to a rock and has his liver eaten by a vulture every day.
I can't find ANY of the ingredients I need! What the hell? It's not like I'm looking for some ancient spice! I JUST WANT SOME PAPRIKA.
The problem with Valentine's Day is that, if you get your sweetie chocolates, the sweetness of the gesture is tainted with some measure of Societal Expectation!
Marilyn Monroe wants to be loved and kissed by you.  She has no greater aspirations and is filled with desire to make you her own.
I just was hoping to hear more about you and your life right now, you know?  How'd that Nazi Pin thing work out for you?
All I ever wanted is a plastic skull that lights up in the dark, so that in the dark, everyone can see my spooky plastic skull!
For example, here's a tip! Maybe you could try understanding the topic at hand and expressing your views on it in a clear yet persuasive manner?
I like it when commercials license pop songs and then make up their own product centric lyrics.  It's a window into an alternate corporate-controlled universe!
And it seems I bled all over my pillow during the night, and then when I woke up my face AND sheets were covered in blood!
When I was younger, I went to the dentist a lot. MAYBE I DIDN'T BRUSH MY TEETH THAT WELL, OKAY? OR THAT OFTEN, OR AT ALL.
Yep! It specifies divorce penalties but ALSO marital vows, and is hung up in the house. Prenups can mean a lot of different things to people!
The cooperative principle is so ingrained that even when I say non sequiturs, you're looking for a way to read it under the assumption I'm cooperating.
I - I assumed it was spam because of all the spelling mistakes and because the guy's name was "Boorishly P. Foundry"!  But - hmm...
T-REX FEELS REGRET. HE BEGINS A NEW EXPERIMENT: TO BE THE GUY WHO ALWAYS GETS FREE ICE CREAM WHENEVER THERE'S FREE ICE CREAM TO BE HAD.
I have filled out change of name forms for Utahraptor!  I have done this because I am a good friend who likes to make surprises.
Please just sign the name change forms, PLEASE? I'd love to call you Shortpants. "How was your day, Shortpants?" "Stop eating all the ice cream, Shortpants!"
Throw a punch! Yell "Totally intentional, folks!!" Tuck into a spin to deflect any other falling items! ANYTHING's better than the standard "ARGH FRIG OW FRIG."
LATER, T-REX FEELS REGRET FOR HOW THE CONVERSATION WENT. HE WORRIES THAT UTAHRAPTOR WANTED TO HAVE A SERIOUS DISCUSSION. BUT HE WAS MAKING JOKES ABOUT BEARS.
I was accusing him of the whole "ironic punishment" Greek God thing.  But he's not so bad!  I give him a hard time sometimes.
Yeah, but it's Rosencratz and Guildenstern, right? I've got my own life, but it only counts when I'm around the main character. Everything else is forgotten!
A Nobel Prize for Excellence in the Avoidance of Frank Discussions of Feelings?  My heart has developed so many boners right now, ladies and gentlemen!
And except for the fact that WAY more people on the face of the planet care about the economy than they do about buying me presents.
BECAUSE I'M STILL KINDA CHEESED ABOUT YOU TEARING APART MY 2008 COSTUME AND IN THE INTERVENING YEARS I HAVE BECOME ONLY SLIGHTLY BETTER AT EXPRESSING MYSELF
Well, I'VE actually got an emergency SUPER SECRET prank that I won't talk about, in case I ever do get the chance to pull it off.
Voice: Attention, shoppers: boxing day is stripping down to its lingerie, and on our third floor, New Year's Eve wants you to have sex with it.
Yes! Because if he dies, then the money that shows up will make us say, "Perfect! This is exactly as much as I valued that guy!"
I suppose this comes down to whether or not you believe there is some essential part of you, something more than the sum of your experiences.
It's ridiculous! It's like asking Kellogg's what their Cereal of the Day is. Hey, here's a hint! I BET IT'LL BE A CEREAL MANUFACTURED BY KELLOGG'S!
Or maybe you'd say "I'm glad my current circumstances aren't as bad as THAT!" or "Now that THAT'S over, things have nowhere to go but up!"
Ahem. Plagiarizing is the act of plagiarizing; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own! That's from the dictionary, Dromiceiomimus. I plagiarized it!
Adults can buy their own clothes, but also have to reconcile themselves to the fact that sooner or later, their best years will be behind them!
Deinococcus radiodurans is one of the most radiation resistant bacterium ever! It can ALSO survive dehydration, exposure to vacuum, and acid being thrown in its face.
Lou Gramm wants to know what love is. He also wants to feel what love is. Finally, he wants you to show him what love is.
If there's THREE things I've got, it's confidence, burgers, and the mantra that "As bad as today gets, soon my stomach will be brimming with beef."
Honestly. What happens if you change yoru last name and then you run into Gary Horses at a party? He'll know you stole his last name.
I'm going to say the word "baloney", so everyone who doesn't want to hear the word "baloney" should stop listening because here comes the word "baloney".
They're undermining it by choosing such hilarious names! You know what it's called if you think the organic life is sent out on purpose by aliens?
Okay, time travellers! This is your LAST CHANCE to tell me I'm the more right guy here. Right now. Now! Nownownow. Now! Nnnnnnow! Now. ...Aw maaaan.
Let us assume that everyone alive today has two biological parents, a mother and a father.  I will call this the "No Cloned Chicks" hypothesis!
Specifically, revenging myself upon my enemies by finding out what their full names are, and then popularizing an insulting or embarrassing acronym that uses those initials.
Yesterday I saw one of those mugs with a super cute drawing of a bear on it with the text "Good friends make life BEARABLE." Adorable!
Pessimists say that by expecting the worst, they're pleasantly surprised when things don't go that badly! I thought I'd give it a try, but honestly... 
UTAHRAPTOR we just LOGICALLY PROVED that if raccoon poop makes me puke and you can handle it fine, then you should be the one cleaning it!!
Okay, no, but he DID come up with the theoretical framework that allows a phrase such as mine to be reasonably constructed in a meaningful context.
Dromiceiomimus, did you hear that if you have a bird tattoo, it means that you're big into hugs? Giving, receiving, watching, it's all good to you!
The idea that horses are nature's dominoes! I had that idea like 5 years ago! GOD TOTALLY STOLE MY IDEA AND GOT IT AS A TATTOO.
It appears that by informing me of my current existence within a medium of entertainment, the guest comic author has already broken the so-called "fourth wall".
Or maybe updates will be installed without even telling us, so when things break it'll be a big surprise each time with no friggin' discernable cause!
Maybe the letter arrives when you're old because if you get it any sooner, you mess up in your rescue attempt and die!  Or worse!
Yes! Eavesdropping teens who'll overhear our conversation and say "Holy smokes! I'd better learn to love safety!" and then, they go and learn to love safety.
I've been thinking... If my decisions are based on my desires, and my desires are just the product of phsysiological and environmental factors beyond my control,
Folks say things like "Apples are a delicious gift from Mother Nature", or talk about how we can use things in the way Mother Nature intended.
Yep!  And I'm glad you said "mot juste" and didn't just write it down as text, as I'd have read it as "mott just-ee". 
All passed away, leaving behind only things others thought were worth preserving, if any, and memories of themselves in the minds of their equally mortal friends.
Man... after what happened yesterday, I guess there is a certain tension between myself and the Utahraptor. Well, I'm going to make sure that tension ends...
After all the crazy adventures in sexy exciting locales we've had over the past two weeks, it seems that the Utahraptor and I are friends again!
For instance, you could say "I love you", but you could also say "I really love you"! Or, for that matter: "I really really love you!"
T-Rex, I didn't become your friend because of the chance of a reward! I'm not sure this is a good idea: people might find it insulting!
stood face to face with the T-Rex (one almost wants to speculate that the two were engaged in sparkling conversation) before returning the way he came...
I guess I shouldn't freak out too much about people smoking. I'm not sure if it's my place... I'll try to be more "cool" about it!
I guess so. But different! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter, and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published!
I guess so. But different! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter, and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published!
{{alt-text: it would be funny to do another one that is the same, but then the side panel on the right breaks, and he's like, 'oh.'}}
Hey, Dromiceiomimus!  Look at me as I crush this small building!  Don't you think I possess the greatest building crushing form in the world?
I have received a stern letter from the "government"!  They are angry because I didn't pay my "taxes" last year!  Well, guess what, government?
Although I somehow feel as though we'll warp away just as Genesis goes off, and that Spock will die at the end (needs of the many)!
Cause I read your weblog last week, and you were all, "I want to go back in time and set it up so I become king!"
But T-Rex, what if time travel is not just hard, but impossible?  If time travel is possible, where are all the tourists from the future?
For Instance: she mentioned how even though she had been raised outside of the Indian subcontinent by non-traditional parents, she still really liked indian food. 
I submit that there are a finite number of songs! Therefore, the art of writing music is the art of exploring a closed space of possibility.
Were you perhaps implying that the emotions of someone who feels he can't properly express them are somehow less valid than those of someone who can?
Yeah, but you were complaining about ex-girlfriends in front of a woman whom you've dated in the past! That's not exactly a recipe for social harmony.
It was FATE! I was destined to define fatalism as the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time, and are entirely unalterable!
If you ever find your consciousness (your self) sent back in time to a much younger you, there are some changes to be expected! Remember: 
It was going to be really good, though! I was going to call really early. I would have said, "DO YOU LIKE YOUR CELL PHONE NOW??"
Woo-hoo!  That's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 1 checked off!  Now I can move on to Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 at my earliest convenience!
What about a world-weariness that can only come from watching everyone you know and love age and die while you remain stuck in a perpetual youth?
All he wants to do is talk about these stupid games I've never played! He KNOWS I've never played them, and yet - the chatter CONTINUES!
Oh, T-Rex! Are you upset because as a male, you'll never be able to know the small joys and frustrations of having and being a sister?
There's nothing funny about this!  They're damned freaky animals!  They're SMART and CUNNING and they sit on the heads of dogs to drown them!
My parents were only twenty when they got married. Twenty! I was nowhere near marriage material at twenty. I was and still am a loose cannon!
However, these people are WRONG. The only way to truly live a meaningful life is to engage in sexual congress with a large number of partners!
Some guy's parked car had its emergency brake fail, and it rolled down a hill and hit your house!  I think you need new siding.
I have a question that I can ask all my friends!  The question is, "would you rather kiss a music student, or a psychology student?".
Josh Whedon (or whatever he's calling himself this week) totally just downloads fan fiction and says, "Eh, good enough." That's why Willow and Tara are lesbians!
- during that time period. In one place were gathered the T-Rex, Utahraptor, and Dromiceiomimus - together, in one location, the greatest minds of our time.
In Canada, you get real winters AND real summers, and there's places where you can get winter all year round if that's your sort of thing!
Yeah! In fact, I think this whole thing has raised a lot of questions. How did you even build a time machine in the first place?
Okay, but if this is the case, why do you imagine a world for yourself in which people's ice cream cones can fall in the dirt?
I think I put too much symbolism into random encounters with people I meet on the street! I see them as a microcosm for larger society.
It's not like you to respond so emotionally to something like this, T-Rex!  Why don't you just respond to their points and disprove their claims?
You're right!  I'm not certain if overusing 'awesome' is, in fact, awesome.  I'll cut it out for a bit while I consider the issue!
Yeah so? So what? What are you trying to say? Are you trying to say that I'm gay? Because if you are, I'm not, you know.
You shouldn't be so biased against them. They're really just collaborative storytelling with especially terrible PR and easily stereotyped players. But they're probably fun! I imagine!
How could I, when there'd be a trampoline at the bottom to ensure soft landings, AND stairs at the side for the elderly and the sissy-panted?
Morris: shucks, i've never met so many people before all in one day!  i'm morris and i'm just a little bug who tries real hard
I'm going to write the best story ever.  It's called - okay, I don't know what it's called.  But i have a fantastic premise!
I wonder if there are any revelations that would make me want to end a long-term friendship with someone.  What would they have to say?
Here is a hypothetical situation: let's say I'm married and going to have a child (with my assuredly hott wife)!  What should it be named?
These are serious fears that will likely haunt you till old age, some of them no doubt blossoming into a startling and varied garden of regret!
Okay, this time for sure! I will avoid any t