Upon inspection: basically? The birds DID want to eat people in his movie. But that's a scary concept, right? Birds hungering for flesh is bad news for everyone!
You're right! The infection would spread quickly and nearly invisibly! And mosquitoes already want blood, so it's not like they need THAT much encouragement to become zombies. Man!
This is crazy. I shouldn't be this bothered by something so small. We're adults! Dromiceiomimus doesn't have to bring me back anything! She never did in the past.
Aha!  But I can't VERIFY that my senses are liars, nor can I verify that I'm a brain in a jar!  How does THAT taste, Utahraptor?
What I want is a theory of truth that's incontrovertible.  In fact, I don't want even a THEORY of truth!  I want a fact of truth.
What if you made your house spiritually scary, T-Rex?  Like, instead of a corpse, a mannequin of a woman who is realizing that she has married badly.
Book Cover Text: you know those stock photos of a man with scissors cutting up his credit cards because he has too much debt?  that was him!
Further, T-Rex, they go on to observe that "One bad apple spreads decay to other apples stored nearby. An entire barrel can easily be ruined in this manner."
T-Rex (thought bubble): it would be great if one day i rode in a hot air balloon and threw down candy at people so they liked me more.
Michigan J. Frog: Hello! my baby / Hello! my honey / Hello! my ragtime gal / Send me a kiss by wire / Baby, my heart's on fire!
Michigan J. Frog: Hello! my baby / Hello! my honey / Hello! my ragtime gal / Send me a kiss by wire / Baby, my heart's on fire!
Alternatively, I could have a giant fan, like the kind used in skydiving simulators, and use air to help keep the skateboarder where I want him to be.
"Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains - a pretty violent image there! I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it..."
Wait a minute, that brain one is ambiguous! Do you mean my brain might NOT stop functioning, or that it might CONTINUE to function in an undiagnosable way?
Ben Chuckles: I'm sorry, but we don't think you're right for the role. We're really looking for an actor who doesn't add "friggin'" to each of his lines.
I ended up with EROTICA, Utahraptor.  And I felt very off sitting there, writing about two imaginary people THAT I MADE UP having sex with each other.
Today is a good day I think for fixing my life! I'll do it by putting out a new, less controversial book: "LOLITA III: This Time, She's 30".
Okay, time to invent a new superhero! Then I'll make a movie about him, and THEN, I'll be famous! Then I'll also have a lot of disposable income?
If I were impatient, I'd be a jerkier person. I'd always be hurrying people up, and people would not want to hang around me in grocery store lines.
Stunt driver: The only thing I'm afraid of is NOT parachuting out of a hot air balloon, landing on a motorcycle, and jumping over 16 buses end-to-end!! EXTREME!!
No, that would be good, but that's not my story. My story is a simple love tale about simple people, with names that are legally and creatively distinct.
But I don't have a phone by the bed, so, you know - sorry? As I'm sure you overheard, I couldn't get out of bed because of SELF-EXPERIMENTATION.
BECAUSE THEN YOU GET A BUNCH OF GOLD BUT IT HAS NEGATIVE EFFECTS AND DISTANCES YOU FROM YOUR FRIENDS AND YOU REALIZE THAT FRIENDSHIP IS THE REAL TREASURE
I just think that if you go into this wedding evaluating all the guests by their hookup potential, it'll colour your wedding experience in a really weird way.
Yeah, because most ancient texts are lost forever! I'd bet less than 10% of movies are lost and I'm sure more than that amount of text is gone.
No no, sorry, I should have specified: I'm from the RECENT past. Like, past three years. I'm walking around saying "Oh, wow! Check out all these incremental improvements."
Hey Dromiceiomimus, have you noticed the arts lately?  I have, and as a patron, I find them to be very engaging AND artistic ... on SEVERAL levels.
Name one painting that's not the Mona Lisa, The Scream, Starry Night, the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, or the one with the dour couple holding the pitchfork.
Dear audio diary! This afternoon found me with my mouth wrapped around the brick corner of the library, suddenly wondering if this was all life held for me.
Um, here's another hypothetical for you, Utahraptor: WHAT IF ALL GODS EXIST AND WHEN YOU DIE YOU COULD SPEND YOUR TIME IN LIKE 80 BILLION HEAVENS AT ONCE??
I AM MAKING MY OWN DAFFY DUCK MUGS WHERE WHEN YOU PUT HOT LIQUID IN IT IT SAYS "DAFFY IS ALSO AN ADJECTIVE AND NOT JUST A DUCK"
This has raised some pretty profound questions for me.  First off, it seems evident that I have finite space in my brain, and things are getting erased.
I found out about the best word yesterday: "frigorific"! It means "cold". With this word I can now finally say the sentence, "DAAAAMN, girlfriend, that was totally frigorific!"
You know what? Screw those guys, man! I don't even care if it WAS their Word of the Day last week. It's my Word of the Day TODAY.
Yeah, a small hope I'll be dead and gone and remembered as "The Guy Who Was So Upset When He Lost His Queen That His Heart Stopped Beating"!
Oh, wow! This means that if we can travel through time, then we can also SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE whether of not someone is actually the centre of the Universe.
Maybe 100 years from now people will look back on us and say "MAN I can't believe they permitted lifestyles different than my own, current lifestyle.  Sheesh!"
They also happen when a plant is revealed to ACTUALLY be a ghost plant. Or when Oedipus realizes he's in Oedipus Rex and then stabs out his eyes!
Not NECESSARILY: Look up profiles, find someone interesting and date 'em, and then say that you "just want to be friends"! Kapow: INSTANT FRIENDSHIP THAT'LL LAST A LIFETIME.
But T-Rex, what if beauty is nothing but an illusion? What if we're all nothing but dreams within dreams that, for an instant, imagine themselves to be real?
Celsius is way better than Fahrenheit! Celsius puts zero at the point where water freezes, and 100 at the point where it boils. That's handy! Water's EVERYWHERE, man.
Okay, so we mix it up some! The lady takes a not-so-classy guy and turns him into a classy LADY! Whoah, what just happened! I know I'M intrigued!
But that is not in the spirit of this storytelling model! Man, look, this whole thing is unhinged now. You totally broke the CYOA format you invented. Happy?
Okay, so let's say I slide down a banister!  I'm awesome.  Now let's say I slide down the handrail of an upwards-moving escalator.  You guys!
If you can't afford to eat or buy diapers for your child and then you can, that money will make you happy and have obviously bought you happiness!
...Huh!  So the fact that there weren't ten quadrillion people 1500 years ago SCIENTIFICALLY PROVES that some of my ancestors liked sexing it up with their cousins!!
I remember saying "OBVIOUSLY it was a dumb mistake, guys. It'll never happen again; now I know to always leave plenty of time to get to the airport!"
It seems like it'd be way easier to just make enemies with one W.T. Freemont that to try to direct the acronymic course of an entire language! IMHO.
I love friggin' updates! Why doesn't my computer do everything perfectly right now? Because if it did, I wouldn't get the joy of friggin' updating all the time!
Last night I dreamt I was preparing to buy a boat, and by "preparing to" I mean "stressing out about the confusing but necessary paperwork in order to".
But some are totally rad! You know when the edge of a house is lined with lights, so from a distance it looks like a solid wireframe model?
They've got this paragenitalia - paragenitalia! - on their chests that's this target for the guys, but which also limits their damage and lowers the chance of infection.
And the sender of THIS card clearly thought the best way to tell you was to go home, boot up their computer, and email you a web card.
The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not being visited by tourists from the future. I call this Sexy T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel!
If you misspell a word, "You made a boo-boo" is fine, but if you press the wrong button and lazer 5000 dudes, that's probably not the mot juste?
Frig Dromiceiomimus, I locked myself out! My keys AND everything else I own is trapped in a housethat, thanks to my thoughlessness, I no longer have access to!!
I think you'd be surprised how often there's no security measures against evil twins in real life. Why, you could ask your friend Utahraptor... IF HE WAS HERE!!
Anyone intelligent could have come up with a "power punch", sure, but imagining a bear that can punch other punches? That requires what can only be called..."super genius".
Today is a good day I think for taking control of my life! No longer will I allow myself to be pushed around (by random chance or otherwise)!
First off, dressing up as a member of a RACE for Hallowe'en is insanely racist. Second of all, you don't have the skill necessary to pull it off!
I just realized that if I transformed what people say to me  into something I want to hear, I will only hear things that appeal to me!
Even if you don't assume that it's the word of God, the difference in meaning between what was written THEN and what you read NOW must be staggering!
FABLES TOLD IN SUCH A WAY AS TO APPEAL TO THE GREED OF THE READER IN AN ATTEMPT TO GET HIM OR HER TO ACT MORE MORALISTICALLY COMICS
With that Utahraptor out of the way I feel better! A rare pleasure indeed, to have your problems put behind you and the future full of promise! 
Nope! Love is selfISH.  You see value in someone, and they see value in you! You want access to this value, so you arrange a spiritual exchange.
So, no woman would sit around while you said "really really really really" for two hours. Anyway, after the third 'really' you move from "emphatic" to "damn creepy"!
First: Annoying your opponent doesn't mean you've won.  Second:  You can't "win" a friendship.  It's not a competition.  There are no winners or losers.
I'll be The Raptor, and my ability will be to sneak up behind you, jump on your back, hook my claws into your flesh, and tear you apart!
Sept. 6th, 1999: "A new series of fossilized dinosaur tracks was discovered today near Drumheller, in Alberta, Canada. The tracks appear to be those of a fully grown
Not to say that smoking is great, but I too only smoke the occasional cigarette when I've been drinking! There's worse things I could be doing, like murders!
Does not seeing everything through the lens of economics ultimately reduce all relationships, in fact all of life, to mere line items on a hypothetical statement of earnings?
It was a pretty good... stomp... I suppose.  But you're not the greatest T-Rex.  That title belongs to Steve on the other side of the river.
However, when they finally have bettered themselves and are "pure of heart", they will realize that there was no magic ring: the magic was in them, all along!
The idea of a soundtrack to a life is a stupid idea. You're just going to come across a band of musicians that wants to follow you around?
I have an idea for the ULTIMATE disaster movie: basically, what happens is the Earth stops dead in its orbit one day, and everybody flies into a wall!
So It'd be told in a series of shorts: each short starts a little before everybody flies into a wall, and ends with everybody flying into a wall.
Little does the Dromiceiomimus know that I intend to show her the great vistas of the world, and by doing so, make her fall in love with me!
The House: oh baby i'm so glad we already live together and now are in a relationship; it's bound to make things smooth and not at all awkward.
How come they want to have kids so quickly?  Don't they want to live a hedonistic adult-child lifestyle, like mine, for just a little longer?  
It's scary! Some people who suffer brain damage can have their entire personality rewritten. Heck, add some chemcials and you can alter how and what a person thinks!
What else could it be? Is someone breaking into my house just to drink my milk? I don't really m