Also: twenty cars on a stick. Sound stages, every library (individually AND en masse), medium-sized cubes that are still pretty big, lakes, beer-flavoured lakes, and beer-flavoured lakes in Minnesota.
Morris: you mean i'm doing that wrong too? oh goodness, i must be the worst zombie going. plus that book i got from the centre is way overdue! 
YEAH IF DARK ENERGY HAS ENOUGH REPULSIVE POWER TO CONTINUOUSLY INCREASE THE EXPANSION RATE OF THE UNIVERSE EVENTUALLY GALAXIES WILL BE TORN APART THEN PLANETS AND THEN ATOMS THEMSELVES
But I've been having manliness competitions for years! I'm so manly that I punched a car up a hill and then it went all the way up the hill!!
But I've always maintained that you can't just decide to change your sexual orientation!  How can I then go ahead and try to change what turns me on?
Hey guys, do you ever think about what you want to be when you grow up?  There are so many options!  Teacher, astronaut, fireman, executive administrative assistant...
Sometimes, Dromiceiomimus, in his official capacity of Vice-Mayor of Tiny Town Island, Mr. Tusks wears a tiny bowler hat.  HOW IS THAT NOT ADORABLE.  OH MY GOODNESS.
T-REX ONE DAY YOU'RE GOING TO PUNCH AN ATTACKING BEAR IN THE SOLAR PLEXUS AND THEN HE'LL BEND OVER IN PAIN AND THEN YOU'LL ELBOW HIM IN THE BACK
The result was ersatz marches, imitation airstrips and walkie talkies made out of wood and bamboo, and even torch signal flares, used to signal divine planes that never come!
It's like they're all poorly-phrased versions of things that could be condensed down. Like, "You are what you ingest, figuratively, and, in a sense, literally!"  It's just weird.
LAH LAH LAH LAH LAH I can't hear you LAH LAH LAH what does God need with erotica anyway LAH LAH LAH LAH don't answer that LAH LAH LAH
I don't say, "He slumbers still? Alack! One thousand curses! When the Sandman's spell at last lies vanquished at his feet, give him good heed: Doug has come calling."
Smell-o-vision has been tried, and vision and hearing are taken care of, but two senses remain yet untapped! Taste-o-vision sounds disgusting, but - there's so much potential for touch-o-vision!
You've distilled an important issue down to "something might be happening I dunno, maybe??" Also, you don't even mention human influence on the climate, which is a serious concern!
- you for your very thoughtful present, T-Rex! It was fantastic. Just what I wanted, but never knew I needed! And it reflects both my AND your personalities perfectly.
Don't even joke about that, Utahraptor! I rely on my sense of humour as a social lubricant! It's the secret to how come girls want to kiss me sometimes.
Normally people have trouble with sequels after their first idea is so, and I'll say it, so transcendentally brilliant. But not me! I have ideas for basically infinite sequels.
And INSTEAD, who wants to hear me sing the classic rock power ballad "Total Eclipse of the Heart", while SIMULTANEOUSLY transforming the chorus into one focused on NAUGHTY LIMERICKS??
An unreliable narrator is when Shakespeare tells you that his play Hamlet is pretty good, but then at the end Hamlet wakes up and he's on a friggin' bus.
I love him! I think he's great. He was good in the medical comedy"E/R", the medical drama "ER", and was not the worst Batman from the original movie arc!
Boorishly:  Huh!  That didn't get me so mad initially, but I think it's making me madder at the rate of 1/1000th of a rage unit per day!
This is a great comic for if you need to talk to a sucky roommate, but then you're like, "Man! I don't want to talk to a sucky roommate!"
T-Rex, it's most likely the oldest riddle on the planet. Without hyperbole, entire civilizations have risen and fallen since someone first came up with that riddle. IT predates PAPER.
It's not that I'm suddenly eating more, I think, it's that my metabolism is slowing down - so the food I eat is going straight to my trendy hips!
This is the last time I try to make you guys breadfast in bed, okay? You suckers don't stay in bed long enough to eat a delicious breakfast surprise.
Something that was very special! Something that I guess part of me thought I'd always have with me! Something that I'd tried to hold on to, but lost nonetheless!
Yes!  Maybe sometimes you don't want to throw the fact that you've found happiness in the arms of another in my face?  Maybe you need some "euphemisms".
What is love? Love is "a strong positive emotion of regard and affection". It was a silly question to ask because the answer is right there in the dictionary!
IS it not true that a "cheerful nihilism" can carry the day, distinguished by an easy-going acceptance of meaninglessness? There is no need for such physical and psychological destruction.
Lampshade hanging is when you've got something hella dumb in your story, but then Shakespeare shows up and says "Forsooth, guys, that's dumb" and then the audience accepts it!
"If with the literate I am/ Impelled to try an epigram,/ I never seek to take the credit; / We all assume that Oscar said it." - Dorothy Parker.
Ah, so your first instinct when sick is to claim a desire to evolve beyond the need for mortal bodies, rather than taking even a small step toward treatment.
I can do more, you know. I've been practicing! Here are my thoughts, dear Utahraptor, on what your spirit looks like. From one beautiful soul to another, you know?
I think urban legends start because someone tells a story, and then their friends who heard it tell it again and make it MORE FANTASTIC. This makes sense. 
Animals sometimes have names that share the first letter of their species. Tony the Tiger, Katy the Kangaroo, Ernie the Elephant, and so on. Ridiculous! But just as ridiculous...
Guys, it's not hard to stay fully unknowable even to yourself. There's an easy way to go through life and still have mysteries. All you have to do is...
Certain bacteria may be able to survive a long trip in space, and there's a theory that life on OUR VERY PLANET was seeded by such space-born organic materials.
Last night I dreamt I had been invited to a fancy party, far away, and the host was nice enough to buy me a plane ticket to get there.
You know those guys who die in really stupid, preventable ways that are entirely their fault? I'm pretty sure there's like a billion different timelines where I'M that guy!
But did you know that biking without a helmet can be dangerous? Actually biking with a helmet can be dangerous too. Biking, regardless of helmet status, can be dangerous.
Consider the phrase "fruit flies like a banana". Is it describing the taste of fruit flies, or rather flying fruit? How can a computer hope to figure this out?
It can be tiring if you are meeting a lot of new people at once, however. Here are some tips on how to meet lots of people at once:
I have been thinking, and I have come to the conclusion that it would be pretty sweet to be called as a witness in some sort of murder trial!
If I must deal with others, it should be as TRADERS, in a pure capitalist system.  No charity! No sympathy! Just business, an exchange of value for value.
I Think it would be nice if I gave presents to people, once a year!  Furthermore, it would be nice if I did this on a set day.
Then, when we were outside, I suddenly knew shame for the first time... and my crush did too! I swear I never blushed so much in my enitre life!
THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ADULTS AND CHILDREN COMICS (note that if you already have a full grasp on such differences, this comic will probably be of no help to you)
It'll be great!  And if things turn out worse with these new decisions, well then--lesson learned!  I'll just move back here and never speak of it again.
I see all of my relations in economic terms! You provide value to me by providing me a "sounding board" for my ideas, and also (potentially) as a mate!
Damn. Well, there's nothing you can do about that now. Tomorrow is another day, and you'd better get to bed. Have a nice rest then turn to panel 1.
I got her some seeds (she likes to garden) and some chocolate (she likes chocolate) and a card I made with a drawing of me hatching from my egg!
Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute - just sit right there - 
When I (politely) pressed them to explain, they said that while the rooms were decorated nicely, they were decorated generically and little to off that was unique to me.
Well it was long ago, on some grim plateau, When this story first was told, About a land in fear made more severe By a terrible threat of old.
Any pragmatic view must still be rooted in an idea of what's good and desirable. Stating what does and does not "work" is not a moral and philosophical passkey!
In fact, ALL information in a computer - text, video, sound, even PORNOGRAPHIC IMAGES - are stores in the same fashion, as 1s and 0s. Here's the interesting part:
Like most things taken from another culture, haiku have been transformed in their assimilation. You should know that a simple 5-7-5 syllable structure does not a proper haiku make!
Time to go on a wacky adventure, which would be quite amazing to an imaginary third pary with the ability to see my actions rendered as a continuous narrative!
Yo, Salt, I looked around, and I couldn't believe this: I swear, I stared, my niece my witness!  The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kinda... UH!
So then you've got this small collection of countries that make all the news!  World politics is how these countries relate to one another, and, internally, to themselves.
Isn't that right, Dromiceiomimus?  Wealth and power and knowledge and love and friendship are all fleeting and pointless!  Whoo!  One day will we all be dead!
I can't take it any more, Dromiceiomimus! Everyone is off posting their dumb theories based off incorrect facts, and nobody even recognizes subtlety! So many people are so lame!
I have too much rage! All these people are writing dumb things with incorrect spelling and grammar, and when you correct them, they just get angrier! Its really annoying!
Oh hey, I'm glad you came by: I was just imagining how nice I'd be to the somewhat-less-important law of thermodynamics if it were personified. I'd have sympathy dinners!
Each moment is unique, and life is but series of moments, connected by our memories! We speak of events occurring in the past only as a matter of convenience.
Well - it just doesn't seem very charitable, that's all. Plus, if you need a list to remember your enemies, maybe it's better if you just forgave and forgot?
Yeah, and when it crashes everyone thinks they're dead, but then they burst out of the rubble on their skateboards yelling "EXTREME!" and do ollies on the crumpled-up chassis!
No, really! I don't know anyone who's ever been motivated by an insincere catch phrase. I think you need to get back to basics, if you're serious about this!
I've TOLD you all the creepy things they've said to me! I don't want to put myself in a situation where I'm UNCONSCIOUS and pyjama-clad around them! Holy heck!
I didn't realize such situations occurred in real life... a young woman, engaged to be married to an older man, meets a dynamic young one and falls in love!
These people include newborn babies, youth, mature young adults, disenchanted middle-agers, executives - heck, even your own next-door neighbour may be secretely [sic] interested in living a meaningful life!
I believe that when we die, our bones will be transformed over geologic time into rocks, and that these "fossilized" bones will one day be discovered, reconstructed, and displayed!
Many people believe "woman" is a sexist term, due to its apparent base in the word "man"! This has led to crazy alternative spellings like "womyn" and even "wimmen".
Why Australia, T-Rex?  Are you intrigued by its myriad tourist attractions and locations of geographical splendour, including the Outback, coastal reefs, tropical rain-forests, crocodile farms, and the beaches?
Imagine if I snuck up behind some guy and put a "kick me" sign on his back, only instead of "kick me", it said "kiss me"?  Hah hah!
Oh, um, I was sort of making fun of talking about feelings, but we can actually talk about them too.