SO MUCH OF A HELL THAT DURING EVOLUTION SOME SPECIES - INCLUDING MAN - CRAWLED - FLED ONTO SOME SMALL CONTINENTS OF SOLID LAND WHERE THE LESSONS OF DARKNESS CONTINUE
Hey! Um, listen: if I were a girl dinosaur, and if YOU weren't into dudes, and if I said "Think nothing of it, LOVELY" to you, what would you think?
Things like bronze statues and plastic figurines would probably survive for millions of years, especially if they were buried or underwater.  Unless... you don't consider statuary to be art?
It's the same thing with any genre and medium, really! How come nobody thought of science fiction until Verne wrote "Forsooth, diary! To-day I am going to invente scientifical fictionne!"?
Get it, Dromiceiomimus? It's clever because it sounds like "Bruce Wayne" but nobody would realize it unless they said it out loud. Everything is similar but different in MY comic!
One day when you are older, you will look back on all the dreams you have yet to fulfill, while I whistfully look back upon a fulfilling life of stomping.
Listen: all I want out of life is for my bank account to have 58,008 dollars in it, so that when I read my statement upside down, it says "BOOBS".
Are you not familiar with accent? Or with addict, combine, conduct, conflict, content, and object? PERHAPS YOU'D ALSO LIKE TO SAY HELLO TO PERFECT, PRESENT, PROGRESS, REFUND, SUSPECT, AND UPSET?
Like it's a boxing movie, and whenever the underdog hero gets punched, you get punched! You'd start to think, "MAN, I hope that guy wins! Then I'd get punched less!"
I am a guy who likes to keep his hopes and dreams SECRET. This is because, if I fail to achieve them, then only I know that I screwed up!
No, no! I want twelve year olds too. So ah, the kaleidoscope can transform into a ninja turtle, who can mutate into a robot. Or a barbie. or a horse.
Radio Button 3: Maybe, but who's going?  I don't want to go swimming if that guy from high school who made fun of me at the beach is there.
Whatever! If I were in the future and I could open up a book and see "The awesome terminal velocity skateboard didn't work, OH WELL", then I would do that.
My grandfather died a few months ago and I was given this part of his estate. He found it after the war, in the rafters of a house he bought!
When my explosion-centric disaster movie comes out and people want more, I will say to them, "No, ACTUALLY, you want the same thing, but this time, as a gross-out comedy!"
I don't need a laptop battery! All I want is a spooky skull, so that when criminals break into my house, they see a grim visage of things to come.
{{Title Text: i celebrate Act Like A Logdriver Day, in which i go birling down and down white water. i do believe that's where the logdriver learns to step lightly}}
Here are some more things that can go wrong with your body!  Hypochondriacs:  YOU ALREADY HAVE EVERY ONE OF THESE DISEASES!  There is no room for doubt!!
In fascism, one person is in control of an entire country, and he tells everyone else what to do! He is the guy who is micromanaging his zergs or whatever.
Utahraptor! He says spinning Will Smith every week was his favourite part of the show! He said they wanted to reuse footage but he kept volunteering to do it "fresh"!
You have no hair and want to be a hairdresser. You have stubby arms and want to be a boxer. Why not get a job that plays to your strengths?
T-Rex (thinking): The word 'poop' is cool: it's transitive, but only for 'pants'. You can pee your pants too though. Maybe it's the noun 'pants'? Further research certainly seems warranted.
Nobody who's trying to lose weight wants to hear from the guy who shed pounds like they were a Hallowe'en costume... in July, or something. That is to say, "quickly"?
Well Dromiceiomimus, I guess this really just goes to show you: when you spend a few hours reading up on a financial bookkeeping... there's no ACCOUNTING for what you'll learn!
I wonder what someone studying my life for a FUTURE BIOGRAPHY would think about me. What does it mean that I spend so much time doing the things I do?
Cyborg: CITIZENS! YOU HAVE ABUSED THE POWER OF BINGO, AND WE BINGO-POWERED CYBORGS ARE THE PRODUCT OF YOUR BINGO-POWERED HUBRIS. GUESS IF WE ARE GOING TO DESTROY ALL ORGANIC LIFE!
Patrick Stewart: T-Rex, your riddle spoke to me personally because I started today on four feet, managed to walk on two feet at noon, and now I'm using three feet!
It is common to imagine your life as a story, with yourself as a main character! It's a story with no real climax that always ends with you totally dead.
I think we can all agree that as a popular culture shifts with time, there were some years that were great and there were some years that were way terrible.
Huh!  What about that strange emotion you get when you see a house being moved on one of those giant trucks at night: a sort of silent ethereal wistfulness?
How depressing would it be to know you're part of the reason things aren't perfect? To look in on the best of all possible worlds and notice you're not there.
"Security issues"! What's better security than living in a house surrounded by CORPSES? "Oh hey, let's go steal the TV from the corpse house"? NOBODY HAS EVER SAID THAT, UTAHRAPTOR!!
Honestly, Utahraptor. If you keep being so down on my body farm idea, when you die I might not let you decay out in the open on my front lawn!
"T-Rex," she said "I'm in love with you."  She gazed into his eyes, smiling.  "I thought differently about it, and it's DEFINITELY because you're so handsome and intelligent."
Judging by this well-conditioned body - including thighs - and coupled with what I feel intuitively to be an impressive intellect, I can be one thing and one thing alone!
He'll no longer be a teen. It's a disaster! He's TERRIFIED. He's waking up in cold sweats. Billy's certain that when he becomes 20 he'll lose something vital of himself.
The history of war is a journey. A narrative. A story that, at its core, is all about how some lives become turned upside-down by conflict: "flipped" if you will.
Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes have had the times of their respective lives! They're each the one thing the other can't get enough of - this could be love, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiceiomimus, I had no idea that "Horses" was available as a last name. Me. Horses? I could be Mr. Horses? Why was I not told I could be Mr. Horses?
But it's a feedback loop: your own body is training you on what it needs through the medium of taste! Eventually you'd know your own nutritional needs by PURE INTUITION.
Once upon a time there was this really great cereal. It was oats in the shape of an "o", sweetened, and inside the "o"s there were clusters of tasty nuts.
Okay Dromiceiomimus, which do you like better?  "Assuming God exists, he might want that acknowledged on a weekly basis!", or "Religion!  Well, It's Been Around For A While"?
Let's play a type of "Choose Your Own Adventure" where the path of the story is dictated by how fast you read. Ready... set... go! On to the next panel!!!
Yes, OBVIOUSLY. And my AI will play these games and eventually see that war is futile! The only winning move, it will realize, is to just answer my friggin' email.
Utahraptor! Do you truly ask that i dismiss my many plans for my tomb to proclaim "THIS MAN SAID 'FRIG' A LOT AND , YOU GUYS, IT WAS SO RAD"?
Wouldn't you love to be able to imagine every stranger of a certain age as your child? Utahraptor, it's a guaranteed sense of wonder for the rest of your life!
ON THE OTHER HAND THE CASUAL MARKET IS SO BIG THAT IT MAY ENCOURAGE FRANCHISES THAT I ENJOY TO BECOME MORE CASUAL FRIENDLY AND THIS OFTEN UNFORTUNATELY MEANS MORE SHALLOW
Well, the only people who will enjoy it are those in the intersection of the set of people who know databases with the set of people who like crappy movies!
Listen, bottom line: when my time on this planet is just about up, I'm going up into space and you're going to murder me, okay? Surprise me with a knife!
Dromiceiomimus, I ate dinner with a group of 40-YEAR-OLDS over the weekend. And guess which table was over A THIRD short on the bill? OH HEY, IT WAS OUR TABLE!
I know! But then I realized there's probably a delay, so when a bunch of birds poop on my head later on this week I'm not going to wonder why.
See, if I am just the psychological product of my environment, then each action I take I could not have taken in any other way.  I HAD NO CHOICE!
On the flip side, whenever housecleaners clean a bathroom, they're PAID to kill the bacteria there! So those tiny lives are worth negative dollars. And there's SO MANY bacteria, Utahraptor!
Who uses the word "joy" anymore?  "Happy", sure - but outside of a religious context, is anything described as "joyous" anymore?  Besides weddings, I guess.  And childbirths.
Found, adopted and raised by the kindly Kent couple, who could not have a child of their own, I was taught about Truth, Justice and the American Way!  
Or at least, I think it was crazy.  I don't remember much of the dream:  all I remember is waking up and thinking, "Wow, what a crazy dream!"
You know, pirates weren't the romantic figures you think they were. They raped, murdered and ruined lives! Just because they had (admittedly) awesome ships doesn't make them good role models!
It seems to occur because often, this IS the case.  For instance, eating a moderate amount of food is better than eating to excess, or eating not at all.
Well, it's great. You start out as a monkey whore and then you collect coins and at the end of the game you are the Champion of the Monkey Whores!
Remember that time I got beat up in Grade 2?  Guess what?  It's not canon anymore!  And remember that time I lost a baby?  Guess what?
You vow to start making changes in your life, today. You can make the big decisions. You can make the small decisions. You are in control. Turn to panel 3.
Dromiceiomimus, you've got to help me! I've doused myself in a chemical I discovered that makes me seem irresistible to women! Only I've become TOO irresistible! It's out of control!
...and so the REASON I 'look a little down' is that suddenly everybody's talking about me and acting so concerned for my feelings! It's unnerving and it makes me mad!
You know how sometimes you save at a bad point and it's half a second before you're going to die, and you keep restoring, but there's nothing you can do?
And though the men were brave, the risks were grave In these misty days of yore; None could ever be safe, in this ancient place, From the threat of Dinosaur.
T-Rex, they're hermit crabs!  HERMIT crabs!  They live in whatever vessel they can find, and if you eat them, they'll take over your body as their new home!!
Though, I think, not as much as I would have liked it to. Sometimes I feel like I cling to my small-town origins as a substitute for a real identity.
Well - it's just, you tend to take ideas to comedic extremes. So I just wanted to make sure you remember that you shouldn't dismiss the opinions of others entirely!
Sure it is! Do you stay traditional and wrap presents nicely, in fancy paper - this can carry a lot of meaning - or try a more modern, environmentally-sensetive approach?
Well, you're making jokes about men, but that's because they're the safe target! They're usually seen as having power in society. Would you make an equivalent joke about a woman?
First of all, you're hardly qualified to talk about proper posture. Yours is awful! Second, what's the deal with you talking about how ladylike your ankles are? That's just weird!
But I definitely have no interest in finding out! All I want to do today is have lots of man naps and stomp on things with my stern man foot.
It's a heartwarming story about two children growing up in a simpler time, a time when gender roles were clear and children played hopscotch on their way home from school!
Ye Olde Narratore: This being the Case, there was great room to Fear, for many chylds would not survive the certain Mis-chief done them by the Tyranno-saurus Rex, Utahed-Raptor, "c.
Counterpoint! I drank some recently-expired juice yesterday, and it was exceedingly delicious. The only reason people have such faith in expiry dates if because of the Star Trek TV shows!
I couldn't invent