In base 16, "24" would mean "2 sixteens and four ones", or 36! And we can use letters (A-F) to represent the digits ten to fifteen, like "3A", which means 58!
Chuck Norris! You can't tell me that you've been oblivious to the whole "Check never cries because he's THAT MANLY" thing. I KNOW you were on the internet 6 months ago.
Yeah, but T-Rex, it's not a flattering story! When people look at your lips they might start to think "mouse guts" instead, and then they won't want to kiss you anymore.
The sooner you accept that's a word, T-Rex, the sooner you'll be able to accept your crushing loss in the field of word creation and manipulation using pseudo-random letters as atoms.
I've never seen a "thanks for the sex" card. What do they say? "Hey sweet stuff / That sex was fine / An offer of less sex / I would decline"?
The sender's weird.  I'm gonna assume she's a woman!  She types in random email addresses she thinks are cool and then sends them web cards.  What's her deal?
In verificationism, a sentence has to be verifiably true (or false!) for it to be meaningful.  Not bad, guys!  I think this is one philosophy that is verifiably REASONABLE.
Book Cover Text: IN MY LAST BOOK I SAID HE'S JUST NOT INTO YOUR TASTE IN MUSIC BUT WHAT I ACTUALLY WANTED TO TELL YOU WAS THAT HE'S "#8212; HE'S GREAT
that's because kids are EASILY ENTERTAINED. They just want bright colors that flash and spin! I can take care of that with a kaleidoscope. A story about a kaleidoscope, I mean.
Natural gas in its natural state is colorless and odourless, right. But when it's sold, we add a distinctively smelly chemical to it, so that gas leaks can easily be detected!
The Devil: WHILE THE NES BOASTED AN ENVIABLE LIBRARY MANY OF ITS GAMES FOUND LARGER SUCCESS IN MORE RECENT FRANCHISE INSTALLMENTS I SUPPOSE THE DEFINITION OF "GREATEST" IS OF PRIMARY CONCERN
I don't get it. She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances, but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to? Is that the story?
I don't get it. She's the singing frog and you tried to make money off her performances, but she never sang showtunes when you wanted her to? Is that the story?
Um, APPARENTLY, programming is for folks who are thrilled when a computer reminds them they're missing a bracket or semicolon?  It must be, because they make that happen SO OFTEN.
THE AMAZING STORY OF EDWARD S. CURTIS. Edward S. Curtis was a photographer of American Indians in the early 1900s! I know he was tough because his middle name was "Sheriff".
Deomiceiomimus: Come on, T-Rex. You suspect he'd be good to have around. If you were choosing your members for your "taking down terrorists while dying hard" team, you've pick Bruce first.
Shakespeare was a famous writer guy, but we know basically nothing about him!  There's only a handful of times when we know what he was doing on a given day.
But in order to keep my friends and Status in Society, I am going to be fake racist.  I'm going to be racist against folks who - who say "y'all".
Because if you have a prenup that says, "Wow, NOBODY'S getting rich off this marriage", then it's clear that nobody's getting married for the money. The only reason left is love!
Utahraptor! You were totally a jerk to me just now! And if you're hoping I'm going to shout after you that "Now I wish my HEART couldn't feel pain", I'm not!
You're seriously going to rob me of my Comeuppance Satisfaction by admitting you were wrong before I get to point it out to you?  You're going to be That Guy?
As a politician, I will have power and influence! Things will get done, and they will get done my way! Finally, I will be the person making all the important decisions!
Two months ago I noticed I had a small case of the chubbs! So I decided to lose some weight, and THEN, I lost the weight. I just ate fewer foods?
Yes, Utahraptor: I have gone all over 2000 years and found the global minimum: the exact day when North American, and indeed, world culture reached its, um, opposite of zenith. 
Forget that noise. I'm going to eat something way bigger and show that stupid tractor guy how it's done. What's something bigger than a tractor? The box the tractor comes in?
I am a fan of knowing things!  Generally, the more things you know, the better prepared you are for someone asking "Hey, do you know all about 18th century literature?"
It seems that, despite the "euphemisms" available to them, folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner. Please! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean?
It seems that, despite the "euphemisms" available to them, folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner. Please! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean?
And if you are a man - OR a woman, Dromiceiomimus! - who shares my love for tasty barbecued meat, then you should come over tonight and we'll have a barbecue!
I have a favourite video game company, WHICH SHALL NOT BE NAMED, but which has been working on the same game for the past 12 years. And they just closed down!
You've chosen for yourself a philosophy that justifies everything you do as good, simply because you did it!  Now tell me, how is that a useful moral and ethical system?
Hey God, I'm gonna make an amazing new slogan for religion, okay?  Please respond like you think this is a bad idea if you'd actually like me to do this.
Natural language processing researchers are all, "Oh boo hoo, computationally generating and understanding natural language is hard, we totally need more time to build Data from Star Trek, boo hoo hoo!"
People's last words are sometimes awesome. It's a thing: if they get the chance to, folks choose them carefully! In contrast, people's first words are usually boring, similar AND similarly boring!
Well if it's any consolation, you're not THAT sensible. You've done tons of crazy things! You just THINK you're sensible because you always did them for reasons you believed were rational.
Well my screenplay for "(A)bort, (R)etry, (M)urder?" didn't work out. Nobody wanted to produce it! So, I have started a new screenplay, based on the structured Query Language for databases! 
Going to the dentist means lying down and baring your teeth and paying a stranger to scrape at them: kinda sucky at the best of times.  But then I realized!
Man, there's nothing illegal about being big into innocence!  Besides, Utahraptor, I'M not the one who looked up "how to frame T-Rex for future criminal activities??" on my home computer.
Guys, it's totally easy to predict the future. Observe: IN THE FUTURE, the general public will be given ample opportunities to purchase the solid gold hits of this, our current decade!
YOU SEEM UNAWARE THAT "FAG" IS SHORT FOR "YOU ARE A *F*RIEND I RESPECT; *A*S SUCH I *G*REATLY LOOK FORWARD TO COMMUNICATING WITH YOU IN AN HONEST WAY IN THE FUTURE"
I dunno!  At some fuzzy point if would switch for most observers from "heap" to, say, "small pile", and there we can draw the line.  Language isn't that precise.
In the 1300's, the regular chicks and dudes in England were speaking what we'd call "Middle English", a rapidly developing alternative to the Latin and French used in religion and government.
So now when something bad happens, I'll assume I'll die soon, so it's the last time it'll ever happen to me. I'll be able to sigh and just let it go.
My dentist is more of a - supervisor, you know? I check in with him once a year and he gives me some pointers. Then, I pay him for the pointers.
Listen, you want to fake your death, you've got to do it right, with none of this way-too-obvious note stuff.  Let's stop joking around here and get down to business.
But they can also be entirely free from any quasi-insulting Latinate etymology the other words have.  There's people trying to reclaim these currently-taboo words in the same way "queer" was!
We should have something that can turn the motion of my legs into enough electricity to keep an MP3 player charged. There, I just invented it. Someone implement it now okay??
Plato was a philosopher guy who said perfect dudes don't exist. Rather, all dudes are the imperfect instantiations of the perfect ideal of dudes, the essential dude, intangible essence of dudeness!
That's not a false document, T-Rex! Shakespeare was a real guy, and dictionaries actually exist.  It's more like if, I don't know, the Necronomicon was read by a Shakespeare CHARACTER.
But don't you find that these things don't work in real life? I know I want my partner to be happy, but I also want all of his or her kisses.
I believe I will combine in a saucepan 2 cups of canned chickpeas, drained; 1 tomato, chopped; 4 whole cloves; 2-3 cloves of garlic, minced; and 1 1/2 cups coconut milk!
The one that symbolizes our family: each precious family member connected to the other? The necklace which, if one pearl is removed, is shattered forever? Sure, I don't see why not!
The "balls" in question referred to the knobs on top of the plane's throttle control. When the throttle was at full, the "balls" would be "to the wall" of the cockpit!
When a deviation appears not unfrequently, and we see it in the father and child, we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same original cause acting on
Before you can say anything, a giant meteor strikes the earth! The impact wipes out 65% of all life on the planet, including your own. Better luck next time! THE END
Then, you add about 3 cups of spinach, and 1/2 cup of water, and maybe a few chopped-up chili peppers if you like your vegetables like you like your women (spicy).
Hah hah, OK.  You are my son, David, and we are trying to locate the Genesis device, which has been stolen, and which has the awesome power to reshape worlds!
The final clue leads them to my house, where they find not only a party with potato chips and barbecued corn, but also the moral that the REAL treasure is friendship!
Let's assume this person is a guy. Boy, does he ever like you! He likes you so much he lets someone else do his writing for him and uses pre-packaged sentimen-
Well T-Rex, I think you're here - as I think we're all here - in order to make the world a better place. That is the purpose of life, I believe!
I too have consummated my love for my roommate of the same gender. Now when I see him (quite often, as it turns out), there is a tension that hurts me.
I drank and drove tonight and I killed a man and last week I kinda date raped my date and I'm gay and I also am involved in a teen pregnancy!
With the invention of the "#8220;internet"#8221; and "#8220;email"#8221; and "#8220;instant messaging software"#8221;, people are more social than ever "#8211; and this increased chance for communication leads to better social skills! Hooray!
It was really creepy, because these women would SEEM fine, but then they'd just keep trying to get close to me, no matter what I did. They wanted to kill me!
I know, Dromiceiomimus I know! But I'm sick of that being used as an excuse.  I am demanding BIG ANSWERS. There must be some way to arrive at a solution!
You're just thinking of one or two famous instances! The problem is that nobody ever remembers when the food DOESN'T run out, the times when nobody ends up getting munched on.
Yeah!  The story was holding together pretty well until you got to that point, but cold showers make you feel old?  Not really!  They wake you up, mostly.
First on my list are the people who make those cans of frozen concentrated juice at the grocery store. When I open them, they sometimes explode a little juice on me!
So I was talking up my post-pubescent body the other night, and this guy was like "Post-pubescent isn't a word, because you can never get past puberty!" I was like, "Whatever"!
I have a friend, of my own age, who is having a relationship - the only word for it is "affair" - with a woman who is engaged to be married!
And man, imagine a pure white bird, a father of two baby chicks, lying dead and motionless on the sidewalk, killed because it flew into an office window? That's SUPER sad!
We both understand we're using manliness as an archetype, and that your claims to manliness do not reflect upon your ideas of femininity, or of normative gender.  In any c