I'm going for STUNT immortality. I'll just keep kicking that kangaroo until even if somebody wanted to catch up, they'd look at my record and say "Well, THAT'S totally not worth doing".
NINTENDO. I guess they got me when I was young an uncritical, but I really LIKE them, you know? When they do well, I seriously think, "Aw, that's nice. Good for them!"
But you know how wishes are, Dromiceiomimus - they always end up with IRONIC and UNEXPECTEDLY NEGATIVE consequences. It's the nature of the beast! We'd probably end up mindless but technically "happy".
I think I'd hold off on them. I'd like to go through life with the special knowledge that worse comes to worst, I could always wish for a problem to be solved.
Like - the sign for elbow is just pointing to your elbow, and the sign for child is patting the head of an imaginary child.  For children you pat several heads!
Dromiceiomimus is dating a new guy, Utahraptor! I kinda feel like - well, anyway, whatever. I don't have time for all these feelings. I'm off to test drive some friggin' De Loreans!
Dear card recipient, the sender had a good time last night, even though you two didn't have sex! I'm going to say your name now to show how personalized this card is.
I just had the funniest thought! The thought was, wouldn't it be HILARIOUS if someone thought that I was coasting on past successes? That would be funny because it's SO not me.
Okay, okay, so we can modify our personality, right? We're not the same people we were when we were six years old, and part of that has to be controlled by us.
"Soon Antonio and Amelia had sex and it was great.  They decided they had a pretty good time.  Suddenly, you find yourself agreeing... We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology!"
QUITE LIKELY! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol, served in a fancy bowl with spoons, but I'm running with it.
Why not focus on either babies OR children? That way you don't have to cater to both the "words are hard" and the "these early stages of puberty unsettle us all" demographics.
So I've got this computer problem and I can't figure it out. Half the time it boots up it find the sound card, but half the time it doesn't! Aren't computers deterministic?
Okay, so whatever. MAYBE the Terminal Velocity Skateboard Simulator would never reach terminal velocity, since there's no wind resistance. But do we not have an obligation to future generations to make sure??
But the issue is that batteries are hard to design: you want to store large amounts of energy for cheap, but you also don't want them to, you know, explode. It's tricky!
This is basically what it sounds like:  fatal insomnia.  First you have trouble sleeping, then you can't sleep at all, then you go demented and then you die.  
It's the one where you're shot with a machine gun, and then later you're thirsty, and then you drink water, and then the water springs out of the holes in your body.
Someone thinks my email address belongs to somebody else!  They keep sending me pictures of their newborn baby, addressed to one "Ren? Wellek".  As such, I HAVE BECOME REN? WELLEK.
And I've accidentally wardialed my way into a secret military computer that I mistake for a game developer's machine.  I believe I will play this mysterious game called "GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR"
I mean, YES it is, but what if the one guy KNEW what everyone should be doing? What if he was actually the best person to be in charge of the country?
I know. I know! That's what bothers me about it! Who am I to comment on someone else's marriage? And yet, I feel compelled to comment on tons of someone else's marriages!
I could only come up with about 20 emotions, but I doubled that by adding "very". Then I doubled them again by adding "not very" and "inappropriately". There's - there's more adverbs.
Maybe millions of years ago life was awesome and surreal, but only the boring specimens got preserved. Maybe the non-chumps knew to avoid river beds and tar pits! Maybe dragons don't fossilize.
I'm serious!  I was thinking about it: I'm a great friend, I'm smart and I'm fun AND funny and I've been a success at every job, hobby, and challenge I've tried!
For example, instead of saying "I'm happy" you can say "I fell off the wagon!  The wagon is sadness and my mode of transportation, but I didn't hold on hard enough."
So let's take it to extremes: if voters were SO UNINFORMED that they were effectively voting randomly, then their noise would drown out the signal of informed voters.  So that's bad!
Imaginary Reporter: Reports indicate the "ghost plane" drifted for years over Europe before being found.  The plane was undamaged, but in-flight meals were only partially eaten, as if abandoned in haste.
If I want to know for sure who I am, I have to find out if I'm the same person when I don't have all my memories. I need to contract amnesia!
In fact, I don't try to have theological discussions, period! Debating something that boils down to "I believe this despite an absence of proof" is not my idea of fun times. 
So let's say I'm a painter, and I've studied really hard and I've worked really hard and I've become one of the best painters in the world. Hooray! Except there's one problem:
Ballet is hard and takes years of training, T-Rex! To suggest that you could just barge onstage during Swan Lake and just join in is actually kind of offensive to ballet dancers.
Darwin didn't invent evolution, he described it! It existed before he came along. And he's not two hundred years old today, T-Rex! His birthday was two hundred years ago, but he's dead.
Today is the day the raw material in Darwin's body, WHICH HAS SINCE PASSED BACK INTO THE EARTH AND LIKELY BEEN REINCORPORATED INTO MANY LIFE FORMS SINCE, is two hundred years old!
People hated parking tickets long before you came along. They ALSO dislike restrictive bank service hours, computer phone systems that make it difficult to talk to a real person, AND unjustified authority.
Nope! As the sayings go, "Claims of cyborgnicity are lies until you can see incandescent red eyes", and "All cyborgs are null until you can see a chrome, gleaming partially exposed skull"
Conceptual metaphors are those that allow us to understand one idea in terms of another! They inform the language we use when talking about all sorts of concepts, and are almost subconscious.
... Man, it would have been way funnier if I'd nicknamed my WEINER "Plan B"! Every time someone said "Let's take a close look at Plan B", I could've laughed and laughed!
This is a total reasonable thing for us to do. It is ENTIRELY PLAUSIBLE. Even if you meant it as a joke, let's just do it! Let's go visit the chocolate factory!
It's a force of nature. I'm actually proud of it, because most men don't know what having a mammalian menstrual cycle is like - but I do! You know what it's like?
Heck, if being a responsibly and productive member of the community was as entertaining as turning on the TV and seeing Batman punch someone in the junk, I'd be all over that!
In retrospect, writing a play "worse than Shakespeare" wasn't a challenge at all! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing "The Smelly Dog That Pooes: The Action Play"
In retrospect, writing a play "worse than Shakespeare" wasn't a challenge at all! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing "The Smelly Dog That Pooes: The Action Play"
But Fahrenheit? FAHRENHEIT is based on the temperature of brine for zero and the temperature of some eponymous dude's armpit for - 96 degrees? They should've called it "Armpits! The Temperature Scale".
I just wrote "Email Responder TWO THOUSAND" on a giant novelty chef's hat, taped a page from the dictionary to it, and then stuffed the whole deal into my computer's CD tray!
As the sun sets on our species, the AIs will finally rest, all the emails answered. And you know what the last email -- the epitaph for us all -- will read?
She's torn between her desire for Gandhian passive resistance and her desire to punch her way to a unilaterally imposed solution!!  She's a conflicted hero for a conflicted age, you guys!
You didn't because Dromecieomimus just made it up. There's no way you could mistake a hot dog for a real dog. One's delicious and the other's made of hot dog meat! 
Utahraptor, we're smart guys. We need to come up with a way for me to profit from all my Mario knowledge, while keeping in mnd that there's actually nothing unique about it.
Sure, but it also means that there's no limit to your horizons, that the future can always promise more than the present, and that you'll never run out of things to learn.
But only if the murderer was orange! Don't you see? It's sheer luck that this murderer was coloured to make your belief true. Are you really going to call random chance "knowledge"?
Here Lies T-Rex: His Heart Was Punched Out Of His Chest By A Robot, But Then Wind Blew His Heart Into The Robot's Face And The Robot Said, "Error, Oh Man, Gross".
Why not hire voice and accent coaches, like actors do? I don't see why the same "here's how to talk like someone you're not" lessons wouldn't apply just as well to you.
So I'm going to go back and read tons of "Life in the World of Tomorrow" articles from centuries past, and find the one dude who was the closest to being accurate.
Batman, from within T-Rex's thought cloud: The thing is, if I were real, I think we both know that I'd never have the time to hang out with a NON crime-fighting dinosaur.
I wasn't saying the idea to be ORIGINAL.  I was saying the idea because it's a restaurant I'd like to patronize, and now that it exists, I intend to patronize it!
Yep! So it's not so unreasonable that someone would send this web card. If the other person also had a fancy phone, it would be a discreet way of letting them know!
Surveys get people with opinions, and the bored, and the lonely. But not the apathetic and the jerkasses! You know what jerkasses do when some stranger calls up and asks them questions?
It's possible that one day, an advanced civilization (and not necessarily our own!) might be able to reasonably simulate an entire universe, or at least fake it for simulated people living inside.
Uh - well, what I want to say is that I'm sorry I said I had sex with your Mom last night.  I actually didn't have sex with anyone last night.
"Garden path" sentences are those that trick you into thinking that they will mean one thing, but then as you read more of the sentence, that meaning is shown to be false!
At the end, I'll have an exhaustive list of Things That Don't Exist. Then in the future if anybody ever wants to see if something exists, they could just consult my list!
You are! At this rate, the only memories you'll have to fondly look back on when you're older are those of walking around and saying how great it is to be young!
This is great! I intend to make all sorts of pronouncements about myself, pronouncements that people will be forced to accept, because who would know myself better than me? Nobody, that's who!
First I need a secret identity, but I've already god that.  Then I need an origin story, but I can figure that out later.  What's most important is fighting crime!
I wouldn't be allowed to.  But, I would get drunk once, and start asking you why it's taking you guys so long to come up with flying cars and robot suits.
I predict every guy would, when he has his first sweetie break up with him, spend YEARS restoring to an earlier point, trying to find a way to get it to work!
This is because I believe we're here in order to be witness to Creation. What greater purpose could there be, than to be the eyes and ears and souls of a Universe?
But I guess what bothers me is that it seems you determine whether or not a generalization is valid by evaluating its conclusion, which in turn is based on your own prejudices!
Says LOGIC. Think about it: if you did that, then where did the idea for the invention come from? You didn't have it, and now the future inventor won't have it either...
I THINK THAT'S PRETTY CLEAR, BUT I GUESS I SHOULD ANSWER HER QUESTION. I figure our innermost thoughts are kept privae too often, so I've decided to shout mine