She's making a huge logical leap! It's indisputible that thinking is going on, right, but we don't know for sure that Descartes is doing the thinking! All we know for sure is that thinking is going on.
I guess my dilemma is I love that we have a word for "1/10th destroyed", but I also love how awesome "decimated" sounds, but ALSO, I'm not sure how I feel about prescriptivism when I'm the victim."
I got one that was like "I am really sad :((((((" and it's sort of a bizarre emphasis that entirely divorces a smily from its own visual iconography.  I'm not sure how I fell about that.
For example: guys who get off on being inflated like balloons and then floating away. Hah hah! So much for realizing THAT desire, Chuckles! Skin isn't that elastic and people aren't positively buoyant in air, my friend!!
Not everyone leaps from that feeling to "they've been replaced", but some do, and that's the Capgras delusion!  There's variants where people feel that their pets have been replaced, or their shoes, or things like that.
It is!  It's on account of how I've got so much body mass that it takes a lot to get me TOTALLY WASTED.  I've been buzzed, but never drunk!  I've never had a hangover!
There's been times when my friends have TRIED to get me drunk, but they either run out of money or get drunk enough themselves that they forget about the experiment before I'm super sloppy.  The end!
You were a part of that, when you were YOUNGER. Now you're old and your role is to tease kids about going back to school. Old guys jokes like "Back to PRISON, eh?" are your new milieu!
I have the best idea for a Batman comic. It's a Batman comic about a Batman who exists in our world, the real world. But he doesn't know he's Batman yet. And his name is Bruce Swain!
I just realized I'm even better than I thought! I'm not just throwing my voice through space - I'm also throwing it through TIME! I can send messages to the past by simply throwing my voice there!
In fact, that's it for a lot of debate, because how can you argue FACTS?  Most verificationist arguments must end with the parties involved looking things up in an encyclopaedia together and then firmly shaking hands.
Not bad!  And I could have a spooky tape, but instead of chainsaws and screams, I'd have the voice of a man quietly dictating memories of his youth, knowing Alzheimer's will rob him of them soon.
Cargo cults are religions that have developed during World War II in island tribal societies exposed to the West!  Islanders saw planes delivering amazing and valuable cargo to the troops, and believed it to be divine.
Eventually I just stopped looking up at all, blankly staring at the chicken wing bones on my plate. Finally I ordered a piece of cake with a candle and sang "Happy birthday" to myself, quiet and soft.
And we don't think "Irish cooking" without "potato", and South Korean food is big on Western peppers too! It must have been an exciting time, trying these new meals that nobody on the continent had ever tasted.
Pleonasms have legitimate uses! For example, if I wasn't sure my audience (YOU, T-Rex) would know what "panacea" meant, I might use a similar word, allowing you to deduce some of my semantics without needing an explanation.
Okay. I have today to find presents. I'm safe just as long as I don't end up SOMEHOW skipping a day ahead in the narrative of my life and missing out on the whole entire - 
No, you're coming because this is a Mallet Party! The only tool we're going to have is rubber mallets, which function as hammers, and then all of our problems are going to look like nails. Oh yes.
All I have to do is find out what that odorant is, get some myself, and spread it around someplace! People will think that there's a gas leak when REALLY, all there will be is... um -
That's one for the ol' resume, eh Dromiceiomimus? "Independently invented Buddhism." Put that down next to "Received props from a bear", "High-fived a bear", and "Has a driver's license that suggests my middle name is 'Commander Punchy'."
What if I started wearing it under a shirt when I go out? That way, if I got hit by a car, the discovery of the pin will ENTIRELY OVERSHADOW anything I've ever accomplished in my life!
Okay, um: There was a young man who would yell, That we all had a story to tell, Feelings in his bones Said to find a home From the Queen of England to the hounds of hell!
We've tried to make allowances for you, but it's just so impossible to be your friend.  I don't even know what you're thinking right now!  Everything you say is like this impossible linguistic Rorschach test.
I went to University with her. She said at the time that she found me handsome, and I said that it was "probably just her own ideas of attractiveness interacting with my own personality and unchangeable genetics."
I mean, my ankle still hurts, but I was looking up doctors in the area and there's so many that have awesome names.  There's a Doctor Plumber!  And a Doctor Dinner!  A Doctor SENSIBLE.
I like trains because they're big complicated machines that NOT ONLY get folks places quickly, but also, threaten maidens tied to the tracks by mustachio-twirling villains. If horses could do that I would like horses too. 
I know, right? Who are you going to hang out with? If you try to reach a single person who's far away, it means you can't visit people closer to you that maybe, cumulatively, you like more!
It would be a utopia, Utahraptor!  All we need is for one werewolf to be brave enough to let science experiment on him, and then we can ALL get a little of the sweet blood fever!
Leprosy doesn't make your limbs fall off!! You lose SENSATION in your body, so you can do things like accidentally crush your fingers and not notice. Hey, how's the centuries-old prejudice over there? Pretty uninformed? Pretty BIASED?
FUTURE UTAHRAPTOR! I'm serious, I saw him! He looked like Utahraptor, but he was aged thirty years, and it was the Most Amazing Thing. It couldn't have been anyone else! It was CLEARLY thirty years older Utahraptor.
He's a Transformer, but he's also biologically human! So he has to deal with THEMES associated with either being a man, or being a soft, warm, fleshy and hairy semi truck filled with blood intestines and lungs.
Most everyone else gets through life without being terrified of death, T-Rex, and some even look death in the face every day! You should talk to stunt drivers, or like, bear aggravators. You could learn from them!
In medias res is when you join a story mid-way through, not just before the end! It's Lation for "in the Middle of things"? What you're doing is a different literary technique, known only as "Bad Storytelling".
You may be surprised to see this comic lying around. I regret to inform you that it was placed here for a reason! Yes, I'm sorry, sucky roommate, but you are being kind of a sucky roommate.
Every book is written by SOMEONE, right? My point is that the SYSTEM - the MAN - is set up so that anyone who doesn't want to be an author can't write a book. Ergo, racism ahoy.
I know you're trying Utahraptor, but it sounds to me like you're saying I should pitch dangerously to one side a little more often.  It's too late for me.  Tell them my story.  
Utahrpator: T-Rex, I fly through a giant pink tunnel, down through a dark hole, into a tremendous blooming flower, and finally around a huge roseate "V" with text beneath it that says "That 'V' stands for 'Vaginas'".
So let's say everyone else chose 100 - you'd want to choose 66.67, because that's 2/3rds of 100. But the catch is you all choose your numbers at the same time and don't tell the other players.
Do old people stomp on things in their way instead of walking slowly around them? Do old people solve their problems with their fists? I have never seen an elderly gentleman solve problems with his fists! 
For example, instead of saying "I feel afraid", you can say "Aw crap! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself." And instead of "I love you!", just say "I have found another weakness; please, excuse me."
For example, instead of saying "I feel afraid", you can say "Aw crap! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself." And instead of "I love you!", just say "I have found another weakness; please, excuse me."
Millions of years of evolution were all leading up to that one amazing moment of your birth!  Billions of individuals - entire SPECIES - had risen and fallen, all conspiring together to produce one thing: you!
Icarus and his dad were imprisoned on an island with water patrols, so they couldn't escape by boat. But they still wanted to escape anyway, so they made wings out of wax and feathers and flew away.
Yeah, but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad! Dude wrote some bad sonnets, and no less than T. S. Eliot referred to his rarely-performed "Titus Andronicus" as "the worst play ever written".
Yeah, but the good stuff is so good that we overlook the bad! Dude wrote some bad sonnets, and no less than T. S. Eliot referred to his rarely-performed "Titus Andronicus" as "the worst play ever written".
You're always just picking two temperatures and dividing the space between up into arbitrary degrees! We could just as easily be dealing with the freezing and boiling points of a 50/50 mixture of champagne and caviar, say.
If you're going to write a book, you need an opening line! And what possible opening line could be better than "Hey there readers - what's the score, I guess I'm gonna write this book some more!
Salt-N-Pepa: Let us talk about sex, baby / Let us talk about you and me / Let us talk about all the good things and the bad things that may be / Let us talk about sex
So here's some quotable quotes for you, Dromiceiomimus! "Failure is just success rounded down", "I enjoy friendly good times", and "Whom is responsible for all these hards on?". Perhaps you'd like to compile them into a volume?
Years in the future, folks will try to reconstruct you from those few words. "Who was 'T-Rex'? We know of his interest in 'them quote books' [sic], and we can assume he found demonstrative pronouns a challenge."
It's unlikely my best breakfast will be so amazingly different enough from a regular breakfast that I'd notice it.  That's sad, isn't it?  That in a lifetime of breakfasts, the best one should pass unnoticed?
A person's activity is often used by law enforcement when pursuing a conviction!  Facebook posts, Twitter updates and Google searches for "how to murder the sucky neighbour" have all been used as evidence of intentful wrongdoing.
Maslow was a dude who put all of our needs and desires into a hierarchy! The whole idea was that you can't satisfy any desire at the top of the hierarchy until you satisfy those beneath it.
Don't look at me like that, Utahraptor! If my life's work is only used by some guy decades down the line to crack wise about poopin', I'll count myself as one lucky dude with one awesome legacy.
So I bid more than the dollar is worth, just to minimize my losses!  And it keeps on going, and we both end up bankrupt!  This is the worst ever auction, and I'm not bidding.
WHAT IS NOT TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT THIS YOU'LL BE FILLING IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL SO I NEED YOU TO TALK TO HER FRIENDS ABOUT TEN YEAR OLD GIRL STUFF LIKE I DON'T KNOW PONIES
WHAT IS NOT TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT THIS YOU'LL BE FILLING IN FOR A TEN YEAR OLD GIRL SO I NEED YOU TO TALK TO HER FRIENDS ABOUT TEN YEAR OLD GIRL STUFF LIKE I DON'T KNOW PONIES
I truly believe I could've been the one who died. The sort of thing he did is exactly the sort of thing you do when you're home alone and frustrated with a lava lamp! You SOLVE PROBLEMS.
Well, I heard that an "h" in any tattoo is short for "Hey, Ask Me About My Sexual History", and a second "h" on the body is short for "Hey, Some Of It Is Personal Though, Okay?"
I've got good teeth and it occurs to me that I'M the one who brushes my teeth every day and night. I'm TOTALLY RESPONSIBLE for all the day-to-day oral hygiene that goes on in my awesome mouth!
Yep! The earliest English dictionaries we've got showed up AFTER he started writing plays: it's one of the reasons he's had such an effect on the language.  He was around while the written form was crystalizing!
This means I should exist for my own sake, neither sacrificing myself to others, nor sacrificing others to myself! The pursuit of my own rational self interest, and happiness, is the highest moral purpose of my life!
Don't you realize that by going on this tirade you are not only revealing the "fourth wall" of this strip, but coming of as a phony who criticizes the very flaws he indulges in for comic effect?
The sad thing is that the word is rarely used sincerely anymore - the only place you see it is in those sleazy newspapers with back-page advertisements for "bicurious teens!".  Bicurious teens don't need to advertise!
I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it, some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T-Rexes are better than Utahraptors (green is the new black!)
I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it, some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T-Rexes are better than Utahraptors (green is the new black!)
For instance!  Is history the story of progress, from savage to cultured Man?  Is it rather the study of Great Men and their Characters?  Perhaps it is the story of cultural challenge and response!
Too often we support something just because it's new, and forget that if an idea or process been around for a long time, that's usually - but not always, granted - because it has something to offer.
I'm sure if you were meant to know about fatalism, you'd find out about it eventually. In any case, fatalism is the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time and are entirely unalterable!
Not really!  It's not racist to like some animals and not others.  Besides, I'm not irrationally against raccoons and cephalopods: they've threatened me!  They wait menacingly outside my house for me to come home!
Besides, even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self, all that gets us is a murky combination of influences, predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle.
Besides, even if we do assume that gender is some mixture of both societal and biological self, all that gets us is a murky combination of influences, predisposition and societal feedback that may be impossible to untangle.
Everyone knows what second base is, T-Rex! First base is significant glances across a crowded room, second is quietly holding hands, third base is eating the same strand of spaghetti and a home run is totally smooching!
They allow one to reference the address of data, instead of the data itself.  It's like how knowing someone's phone number lets you get in touch with them personally!  Hence the delightful "indirect reference" pun.
Copyright is intended to prevent others from ripping off your creations! It used to extend 28 years after you created something, giving you a chance to profit while ensuring good ideas would eventually enter the public domain.
I'm afraid so!  You'll either end up saying nothing at all, or run the risk of saying something that could be false when viewed from another perspective! Eventually you'll end up saying an untruth to SOMEONE.
Hah!  There's a lot of crazy things about sociopaths.  The whole callous unconcern for the feeling of others, incapacity to feel guilt and to profit from past experience, and disregard for social norms, for example!
My favourite are the extended takes, where you ask your subject a question, they answer it, and then you hold the camera on them for a good ten seconds afterwards while they glance around and look ridiculous.
Well, few people worry about having too many friends, and those who feel like they could maybe use some more friends might become resentful.  It's not the sort of thing you go looking for sympathy about.
This new "LET'S SPY ON T-REX IN THE SHOWER" problem that everyone seems to have "#8211;and now God's in on it too! I don't understand. Also I just realized I lied to God about reading a book.
In a second! I love the grizzled prospector look. Actually, no, that's not even true - I love PRETENDING to be a grizzled pro