It's just, YESTERDAY you had some neat ideas about knowledge and existence, and today you're all "here are some things that don't fit in my big ol' mouth" and your TOTALLY LYING about trying them; I can tell.
I have some bad news: zombies are in danger of becoming old hat! It's TRUE. But I have a solution to make them interesting again: all you need is stories where not just people but ANIMALS become undead!
She was so clearly this perfect, amazing woman, and I was honestly so confused by the fact that she wasn't swarmed with suitors, that I tried to examine her critically, looking for flaws that I hadn't seen before.
The moon's gravity pulls the oceans towards itself, causing tides.  But the Earth is rotating relatively fast, dragging against this water, which, hey presto, slows down its rotation!  Days get about 1.7 ms longer every century.
I want to listen to Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 11 in A Major, K. 331, and I want a long dead man announcing yes yes to y'all over it. Why does history stymie me and my awesome wishes?
"On The Menu, by T-Rex.". Ahem. "As Amelia and Antonio Tony who are the two members of the wait staff in this story took off their clothes, they realized that sexual intercourse was probably 'On The Menu' tonight!"
They're like - joke ideas for erotica.  Nobodies going to read corporate erotica, which was the idea you were imagining yesterday.  You explained it to me afterwords and that's how come I know about it now.
NO, not on account of my many FEELINGS. I decided I'm happy for her, but I don't want for HER to think that I'M upset, and I'm focusing so much on that that I'm acting weird around her.
Okay, fine - THE STORY is that Bruce doesn't know he's Batman but then one day he reads a Batman comic that flutters down from the sky and realizes that he should be the Batman of our universe.
That's depressing, eh? It's the problem with island gigantism: as soon as we discover the island, we tend to either eat all the animals ourselves, or introduce new predators that find these trusting giants to be EASY PICKINS.
I have gone too far "down the rabbit hole" and am reduced to being sure only of my own thoughts, and even then some other chump could be projecting them into my head. To that I say: "whatEVER!"
Dromiceiomimus, Utahraptor put me on his friggin' book!  It's got me on the cover and it makes me look like I wrote it even though the title is just pure sass.  It is pure SASSY MOLASSY.
All I've got to show for the past week is a book I published as part of a practical joke that I really enjoyed! Also I made a delicious meal, but that's gone now. I'm experimenting with eggplant.
Hamlet sips some whiskey while punching a man in the nose! Ophelia says she's crazy for him and they go on a helicopter ride. A ghost appears, and when Hamlet high fives him he explodes! Then Denmark explodes.
About 4am! I woke up to it, which was surreal. It ended when I guess someone dissed him from across the street or behind some bushes or something? Heyelled "Who said that?!" and ran off down the street.
It was like he was walking down the street rapping to himself, and just happened to stop outside my place when his flow got going. I can respect that! I kinda want to be that guy, you know?
How come car bumpers aren't all at the same height on cars? It's dumb that they're not. The whole point of bumpers is to cushion bumps, but if they don't meet, then they only serve as Impact Hasteners.
Yes, but after the credits, the original guy wakes up and says "Whew! It was all a dream!" Then he gets out of bed, STUBS HIS TOE, turns to the camera in terror, wide-eyed, and screams "Oh GOSSSSSH!!!"
T-REX'S IDEAL WORLD: Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, "Figuratively, this was their finest hour."
WHEN YOU WANT TO SHOW POSSESSION ON A PLURAL NOUN THAT ENDS WITH AN S YOU HAVE TO PUT THE APOSTROPHE AFTER THE S OTHERWISE IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE A SINGLE FRIEND INSTEAD OF PLENTY OF THEM
You're under arrest for hacking into our computer and also it's still playing your game and it controls our nukes and it's definitely going to start WW ]|[ by launching them against the Soviets.  Cold War, remember?
So, SOMETIMES, archeologists find things that don't belong in their geological contexts: shells where there were no oceans, that sort of thing. And there's lots of explanations like "maybe an animal ate it and pooped it out, GROSS."
You know what? I don't think you would! I think you ACTUALLY chose proprioception because it's not one of the classical five senses, and you wanted to be Mr. "Look At Me Guys I Chose An Unexpected Answer".
Probably! Because then I could do prank calls as you, Dromiceiomimus! I could call Utahraptor as you and invite him over for dinner, and then, when he shows up for dinner, you're liable to be unprepared for company!
But I don't HAVE any simple ways to improve lives!  Try being lucky?  Don't make bad decisions if you're about to do that?  Always be healthy- um, somehow?  Maybe don't be a crazy racist?
It's the best gift! If things go well then years later people will say "How did you two meet?" and he can say "T-Rex hooked us up for Chistmas! BEST GIFT EVER!!" and then they can high five!
That's true!  And... and that means as long as they're still around, then I'm NOT the worst person ever!  Oh my God, now I have a perfectly selfish reason to be thankful for all the jerks!
Hey, since we live for millions of years, let's go make some staggeringly beautiful art that can only be created by synthesizing thousands of years of experience, hopes, fears, triumphs and failures into one transcendental expression of life!
Adults can sex each other up, but also can put so much meaning and pour so much hope into a single dream that, when this dream is finally achieved, it can never possibly live up to its expectations!
OH DAMN "ESCALATE" IS A VERB MADE UP FROM "ESCALATOR", WHICH WAS ITSELF A TRADEMARK! So now you can't escalate. And you also can't zip up your pants. Or go trampolining, roller-blading, or jetskiing. Or tase your enemies.
No, you're mad at J. M. "Peter Pan" Barrie for the young one, and at some anonymous wag for the genius one - nobody's found a reliable link to Oscar for it.  He just gets the credit!
Some people think pornography is bad, since when they see it they get offended and say "That's way too explicit. SHEESH!" With that in mind, I've come up with something special: pornography for them! But it's also -
Did you even NOTICE how I used names that work for both men and women? It is QUANTUM EROTICA, at once straight, lesbian, gay and other, which only collapses into one sexuality upon being observed by the reader!
Ok, if you're reading this path, it means you were spacing out for a long time and didn't start reading until now. Or you were camping out here for a while. In which case, congrats! Secret story path!!!
YOU CAN'T DO WHAT WE'RE DOING NOW. That is, continue a conversation from the same panel after it just switched. That panel was a separate story path! It's like two people in different dimensions talking to each other!!!
You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists, and when he's done, his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists, and when he's done, his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
This is why I always discount stories that "happened to a friend", or "happened to a guy I know" - you can probably be pretty sure that SOMETHING happened to some dude SOMETIME, but not much beyond that!
I know, Dromiceiomimus, I was skeptical of myself too! But teeth naturally accumulate plaque and decay.  Dentists apply technology to biological life (me!) to upgrade my smile and stop biological decline!  Isn't that what cyberneticists do??
IN THE FUTURE, portrayals by others of our shared past will infringe upon our memories of it, and people born after our time will only understand it through the shorthand aspects of cultural consensus found in the media.
I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says "ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET: WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY"?
I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says "ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET: WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY"?
But there's tons of other stuff I've never bothered to memorize too! What's my blood type? Social insurance number? Hat Size? The thing is, Dromiceiomimus, responding "Yes please" on a questionnaire only works for SOME of these questions.
I want to dream about things I CAN'T otherwise experience: new colours and impossible shapes and sounds my ears could never process! In dreams my brain is decoupled from my limited senses; why doesn't it get ON this?
The letter probably says "Dear T-Rex, okay, let's try this again.  You'll get this when you're 80, let's see if you can come back and save me without stepping on ALL the butterflies this time, alright bitches??"
And I actually don't think the bite option is that fun anyway.  Biting someone and getting their blood into your mouth?  Honestly?  I can think of like four better ways to spend a Friday night.
There are awards for everything awarded by everyone, and if you don't specify I'm going to assume you won the "Worse Than Hitler Award For Real Terribleness". Unless it's the Nobel or the Pulitzer I'm really not interested!
But then I realized one of the things I most look forward to about December is going on walks at night and seeing everything lit up. And it would be rad if we did that all the time!
Hamlet ends as it normally does, but then the framing play starts up again and it's Hamlet's dad looking into a crystal ball, and he says "Forsooth, now let's see what would happen if I won the lottery!!"
To begin: when filming, you always want to say on one side of the action.  This is because if you suddenly start filming from the OPPOSITE side of the action, it will appear to be reversed! 
A few reasons! The main one is I heard that genius is the ability to come up with concepts that would otherwise have to be taught, and I'VE TOTALLY DONE THAT. Remember? Remember Punchette, The Power Punch Bear?
Paleontology Phunnies Dept. Once in a long while we come across a comic strip that is so mind-bogglingly bad, we can't help but wonder why it isn't already extinct! It's time for a MAD look at... DINOSNORE COMICS
As I grew, I found that I could run faster than a speeding bullet!  I was more powerful than a locomotive!  I was able to leap tall buildings in a single bound (as so)!  
Ha ha, that's OK! While I HAVE recently gained the proportional speed and strength of a spider, not to mention my keen "spider sense", from now on I just look out for "Number One" - that means... ME!
As I see it, you're pretty much asking to be put in a situation wherein the food runs out, people betray one another, frozen corpses of friends are found in the morning, and eventually everyone resorts to cannibalism.
More than perhaps! Lots of people just use Valentine's day as an excuse for spending time with their sweeties, commercialism or not. Nothing ruins a romantic evening like a T-Rex barging in and calling it a corporate-sponsored fraud!
I think it's because water expands when it's frozen and so the can is under pressure, and there's a little melted juice at the top? I don't know. But they're on the list! Also: 1970s American popular culture.
I don't know! I think it's because it makes the whole crass "how far did you go" talk a lot more adorable if the guys invovled are just making up what the checkpoints are as they go along.
Walking around saying "girls are pretty"? I don't know! It's the sort of thing that everyone things but nobody says.  How would you like it if a girl came up to you and said you were pretty?
But it's true! I have trouble remembering the names of friends and te