It's an easy way for you to meet new dudes! If you move to a new town and want to meet some dudes then you can go to the site and then you can meet some. On the COMPUTER!
I just don't want to be one of those guys who let's being old be - all they do, you know? Being old is at best incidental to what I do, and what I do is BE TOTALLY RAD.
I have writen my own "Choose your own adventure" story!  It is less depressing than the other one.  I can it "HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS, a story starring YOU!  But it was written by me, T-Rex".
Having conversations can be hard! Sometimes you will not know waht to say and then you'll look dumb. If someone says "What do you think?" and you say "Uh - um, see, - uhh..." then you will look dumb.
So, whatever! He talks like he's a 1920s serial villain. We all have idiolects. For example, you're a man who says "dude" and "awsome" in places where he could instead simply say "chap" and "I say, that's quite agreeable."
Ghosts have to be invisible, at least part of the time - that's what makes them ghosts! But if you accept that, it's fun to try to see how ghostlike you can make them without making any FURTHER assumptions.
I know, right?  But I totally just made it up, according to my Generative Advice Formula.  And I have tons more!  Like, for a restaurant: "Customers eat what they see, but they see what they eat."
The gene required for it has been found in, what, less than 30 families WORLDWIDE?  They're more likely to be struck by lightning, or hit by a car, or, I don't know, punched by a sheep or something.
The problem with Superman, and Spider-Man, AND Batman, and pretty much every other superhero, is that their stories don't have ends. They're all stuck in the same productive age range, 20-30 years old, and it's easy to see why!
Or love! The prenup is a way of announcing AND VERIFYING that you love them for Who They Are, not for what they've got in their pants! In their wallet in their pants. It was a great metaphor, Dromiceiomimus.
Performative utterances are things that you can say, and hey presto, you've changed your life and the world around you!  You've changed your life with WORDS.  Like the Shahadah, this is insane!  This is totally insane.
Linguists are like, "Maybe immigration from the Black Death caused regional accents to be absorbed?" and then another says, "Maybe the English wanted to distinguish their language from the hated French?" and then they both shrug at each other!
No, but it's like - we're aware of it! So it COLOURS the day, and gives us something to look forward to. Every day becomes a holiday! "March 3rd is contentment day!", we'll say. "I hope it comes soon."
Man! I even checked with God and he was all "I'M BUSY WITH GOD STUFF BLAH BLAH BLAH HEY I'M TOO IMPORTANT TO COME PARTY WITH MY AWESOME DINOSAUR FRIEND". Who am I going to party with, the Devil?
If only 25% of the population learnt button sewing AND everyone had four friends, then we'd expect one friend to do the button sewing when needed, and the remaining three could use that free time to learn something else!
Yeah! It would be amazing seeing how some artists react, knowing the best epitaph they could hope for was "runner up". I think you'd see a lot of esoteric music, exploring areas that aren't in the number one song!
Maybe I was warning someone else to my left!  MAYBE RISK IS PART OF FREEDOM AND BY PROTECTING MY FRIENDS FROM ALL POSSIBLE DANGER I STUNT THEIR GROWTH AND BECOME THE SINGLE GREATEST THREAT TO THEIR OWN SELF-REALIZATION??
And there's this passer-by who is, um, passing by, and he happens to see it.  He rushes over to the crumpled car and says "Oh my God, are you okay??" and the guy says "Well, I get by!"
"Ah, but can it withstand a scissor-kick to the noggin?" asked the friend. "I've just come from judo class and I'm eager to share what I've learnt." The idiotic nature of this idea went unnoticed by either party. 
Midas was a king who was nice to a friend of the God of Wine, and so he gets a wish from the God of Wine! NICE! And so Midas wishes that everything he touched would turn to gold.
So gravity happens because matter bends spacetime and blah blah blah.  But dudes, I had a crazy idea!  What if instead of gravity being a property of matter, it was a property of the ENTIRE FRIGGIN' UNIVERSE?
I'll ask if you want the last piece of pie before I take it, but again: that's just me selfishly wanting friends and knowing that actually showing my greediness impedes that.  Otherwise I'd be gobbling it like crazy!
Sometimes they happen in the middle. Like in romantic comedies when the female lead says "You know what I'M just not that into? NOT BEING INMY GIANT ROBOT SUIT!" and then she walks around in her giant robot suit.
I'll go learn about immigration, okay?  And then I'll return here in exactly 24 hours and dazzle you with the nuances of my new, hyperinformed opinion synthesized from my own reactions to the many viewpoints I've encountered, alright??
And make sure all the lyrics are really positive, stuff like "Oh T-Rex you're so fine / you're so fine you blow my mind / Oh T-Rex / you are assuredly the best is what I'm communicating here", okay?
It doesn't hurt!  If a random character says "that's dumb", I'll listen.  But if SHAKESPEARE says it, I'm spitting out my drink and saying "Wow, Shakespeare!!  I'd better listen to THIS line of dialogue right away!"
Oh man!!  Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer?  MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW, and my philosophy would be "If you're not interesting, at least have parts of you that are!"
Oh man!!  Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer?  MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW, and my philosophy would be "If you're not interesting, at least have parts of you that are!"
Now if someone says "T-Rex, I just don't like apples", I'll say "Hey, That's RACIST." and when they say "What? That's not racist!" I'll reply with "The very fact that you're denying that it's racist is EVEN MORE RACIST!"
Plus, if people saw me on the street they could say "Hey, it's all Well and Good!", except that they wouldn't actually say the "all", so it would just be "Hey, it's Well and Good", which doesn't really work.
No worries, Utahraptor! With two cheques, if you put the right cheque in the wrong envelope, you'd have a problem. But the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope is logically equivalent to the right cheque in the right envelope!
Pat and Alex had some sort of relationship. One time they were expressing it physically - in a remarkable way! Their location: erotic. Upon seeing it a third party would likely say "How are they... wow. Just - wow."
The story of a not-so-classy person who becomes classy and then has some problems - it's as old as time, man! I'm riffing on the themes that have obsessed our culture since forever or at least since the 1900s.
There's probably tons of other stuff that we've not only forgotten, but that we've also forgotten we've forgotten! Maybe in the past it was all hoverboards and space helmets and cavemen saying "Hey, let's NOT write this down okay??"
And because of this I cringe when someone says a test RAPED them, or that a movie was so terrible it RAPED the excellent book it was based on. Being raped is totally way worse than failing a test!
Hmm...stomping this house is kind of exciting, but it's a more familiar feeling - like getting served a favourite meal.  It's good, but I know how it's going to end. I think I can do something more exciting.
At 16 you've got the potential for both you at 50 and the potential for trillions of alternate future and alternate yous, possibilities which are trimmed each instant you're alive. At 50 you've already exhausted tons of your options!
We call it Newton's LAW because all matter in the Universe follows it. But maybe every atom of matter in the universe is imbued with JUST enough consciousness to decide to be a retaliatory dick every chance it gets!
Ours is an imperfect world, and as such there's no perfect dudes in it. All the dudes we have are imperfect instances - copies, if you will- of the ideal dude, who is so great he can't even EXIST.
Furthermore, if I had a machine that I could press a button on, and it would make me happy - perfectly content, indistinguishable from the real emotion - would I do anything but press the button all day long?
I was asked by a friend of mine how he could tell his sweetheart that he loves her in a new, exciting way! He's worried that he's said the same old thing too often, and that it's getting stale.
People now choose to announce their resolutions, perhaps in the hopes of making their pledges more likely to be fulfilled.  Worse, in some families members make resolutions for each other: a recipe for fighting and snide, sarcastic suggestions!
It was SO embarrasing! My fave crush was there and he saw everything! Just when I thought things couldn't get worse, God showed up, and he kicked us both out of the Garden... for good! I could have died!
That's why we are shocked and horrified by a shoot-out at the local cafeteria, but barely bat an eyelid when we read in the paper that 20,000 Bangladeshi have drowned in the Pacific. It's just the way of things!
We tend to think that history is just a record of what goes on in the past, but this overlooks the fact that two different people can view the same event, and even the same series of events, differently.
I invented it because it sounds, as I say, exciting and full of promise! "Let's go see a movie, Quebec style!" Oh, wow! what does it mean? What's so different? I dont know, but I'm excited to find out!
For instance, if you're doing a story on how the sun is hot (assuming it's a slow news day), you don't spend half the story presenting a guy who thinks the sun is cold! You ignore the crazy minority.
Well even if it WAS, I could always get a sex change and a new family or something.  I don't know! How nuanced can it be to be a member of a set of two mutually female siblings?
Not these ones! They're inherently flawed, assuming you ever want to hear from someone you don't already know. If two strangers have a whitelist system, then either they can never talk to each other, or they still get spam!
Because if verification emails can get through, then it won't be long until spammers send messages that look enough like them to also get through. There's still a hole! And if you seal it, you miss real verification emails.
Yeah! It's the idea that they're being watched on TV or by aliens or something. Not only does it make one feel important, but it's comforting to think that someone is there to share in your victories and defeats.
It turns out that you can't escape politics in the media!  Every song I hear, every book I read and every movie I see has some political agenda, even if it's just tacit support fo the dominant ideology!
While that WOULD likely be more fun to talk about, I am instead referring to the idea of a person who acts externally like a real, sentient person, but who actuall lacks consciousness. A mental zombie! A philosophical zombie.
I don't have much of a great mechanical understanding.  could I design and build an internal combustion engine? The answer is no.  ALTHOUGH, come to think of it, I could invent modern foods like chips and poutine!
But my plan was to educate! When people called me on "niggardly", I was going to explain how it most likely derives from the Scandinavian "nig" (miserly), and in fact pre-dates any similar racially-charged words by hundreds of years!
Okay, so the first secret to being patronizing is to react to everything people do with an aloof amusement, as if it's so PRECIOUS that they did something all on their own.  Aren't you just so SPECIAL, Dromiceiomimus?
Some larger cities are plagued by advertising trucks: trucks paid to just drive around in the downtown core with giant advertising placards mounted on the back.  The hell?  I disagree with this in the strongest way possible!
Okay!  It's a very nice idea, but it's not science because it's not disprovable: you either believe in intelligent design or you don't, and there's no way to show who's right.  That's not science - that's faith!
Dromiceiomimus invited me to a party like two 