The PROBLEM is that I define myself in terms of not having glasses! People are always "Oh. You're lookng for T-Rex? He's the green tyrannosaurus rex over there! You'll be able to spot him because he's so not wearing glasses." 
Morris:but don't worry, i'm not going to turn you guys into zombies too! i wouldn't be a very good friend if i did that, and the book i got at the centre says that being a good friend is awful important!
So! Why do people start getting afraid at the 2501st digit of e? Because 7 8 9! There's a sequence of "789" that starts there, and it sounds like "seven ate nine"! This is definitely called "T-Rex's Hilarious e joke", okay?
I can imagine!  What's neat though is that it's sometimes based on VISUAL recognition, so that affected person will be fine talking to their loved ones on the phone!  It makes me glad I don't have any mental illnesses.
I'd love to meet her.  I know she might not be as into her condition as I am and that I'm probably glorifying it or at least fetishizing it some, but I'd still love to talk to her about it!
Okay YEAH I read them!  All I'm saying is it just takes this tech to be developed ONCE, at any point in the future, and my privacy is pooched.  Friggin' dudes watching me poop 20,000 years in the future.
Some TEENS go out on a road trip and unwittingly stay just ahead of all the destruction! You can see it in the background of some of the shots, but they never notice...because they are all too busy learning about friendship!
The narrator can't help himself and wants you, and nobody else.  You are aware of this.  Despite (or because) of this, you, Sugarpie, Honeybunch, left a picture of yourself in his possession, and he kissed it one thousand times.
And I'll prove it to you! I'll track down Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird and find out, alright? And then you'll all have to apologize to me and say "Oh, T-Rex, I was so wrong! Teamwork is the REAL treasure." 
Everyone knows I look forward to being an old man - that I covet the societal get out of jail free card that being old gives you! People will say, "Oh, don't mind T-Rex! He always pees on his neighbour's flowers."
Man, Alzheimer's? I mean, I know this disease has always been an issue for me, but it's so terrible. And honestly, it sounds like something out of bad fiction. It's ridiculous on the same level as "always cries". It shouldn't happen.
A new religion is just a few words away! Dromiceiomimus! I feel the same craziness I would feel if I discovered that, I don't know - I could change my GENDER by just reciting a sentence or so. Crazy with POWER!
You're actually - you're bettering yourself for the sake of a pun. It's impressive. It's annoying AND impressive. It's like you spent years getting a medical degree just so you could mess with Photoshop and claim a picture has been "doctored".
I figure if everyone is gonna accept insanely early Christmas marketing, then I'M just going to sexually anthropomorphize the holidays.That way, when people encounter Christmas marketing, the disquieting thoughts they got from ME will at least make them aware of it!
He's soon overcome by the terrible sensation of drowning on dry land: any air that touches his lungs is being transmuted on contact into tiny flecks of gold. He suffocates and dies as his lungs fill with the formerly precious metal.
A voice outside the picture: So you're completely rational about love? You keep any non-sciency feelings out of it, walking around town saying "this person is acceptable; I will proceed to love them. Love begins in 3, 2, 1, - now."
And then throw in a happy little girl with a bow in her hair to play with the puppies and the birds. Ooh! And give her a bright blue balloon that's printed with the words, "Congratulations everyone, on curing all diseases!"
We know that, WORST CASE, Spider-Man will show up in the next issue and say "Hey did anyone miss me?  I thought I was dead, but then I remembered I wasn't!"  And yet we keep coming back for more!
You NOT ONLY gain faculty with odd word inclinations, if that is actually a faculty, but you 