It's just - I think I'm beginning to be in the minority here, but "decimated" means "destroy one tenth". It comes from the Roman army, who'd kill 1/10th of a cohort as an extreme form of punishment. Precision in language is a virtue!
While they evaporate, black holes release only small bits of energy, mainly photons, which populate a near-empty space. All that remains of Creation is a low level of background radiation and a few subatomic particles, scattered across a frozen, silent, and lifeless Universe.
I know!  It's CRAZY!  Not in the pejorative sense, but in the more esoteric "Holy crap the Prime Directive on Star Trek was RIGHT" sense of crazy.  It's a very particular sense of crazy but I'm feeling it right now!
It should mean "a good time that is large or immense: METAPHORICALLY like a whale", but the metaphor's broken because it's always used on literal friggin' whales. "Dog-gone great" is getting there too. But Im gonna fight it, one person at a time!
What would be the best thing for me to do tonight? As I see it, I could do the dishes, or I could mop the floors, or I GUESS that I could invent an elixir that gives me the strength of twenty men.
T-Rex (thinking): I should make a comic where famed scientist Francis Bacon teams up with a guy named "Eggs", so they can be called Bacon and Eggs.  In issue two, Francis could mistakenly rename himself to "Chris P."!  Chris P. Bacon!
But the buildings are still there, and they're great. It's clich?, but walking around you see all these amazing little tokens of previous life: a forgotten doll, a can of food long since unidentifiable... Dromiceiomimus and I are going back. Want to come?
I don't think you would, T-Rex! Because you could basically do that today, if you wanted to read up on the physics. The issue is that even with the ground moving, the board is going to slide down the ramp because of gravity.
T-Rex's Story: Samantha was a cowgirl, always on the lookout for a SPUR-of-the-moment marriage. Antonio Tony was a horse enthusiast. "I hope to be SADDLED with a wife soon!" he thought to himself. They waved wildly at each other across the open plains.
But then these - stupid atomic zombies showed up? And they started zapping us with cheap-ass lightning bolts coming otu of thier eyes? It was super dumb, Urahraptor. It was that cheap 60s lightning where they just draw it directly on the film
I don't know at what point we all decided that authors aren't allowed to just make things up anymore, but it's totally what's happened to me! Somehow our fictions have all become real, and "write what you know" is the only creative option.
And it's the same with christenings and sentences AND declarations of war: they all require paperwork!  I'D argue that the performative utterance is just part of the ceremony, and that the real change is made when you sign on the dotted line.
It was found in a concretion, and I'm sorry to tell you that those can develop in only a few years! There are marshes in England with WWII-era bombs encased in concretions as well. It's cool, but it's not proof of time travellers!
It's the wedding experience! You get some single people together who think life is a race, and then you convince them THROUGH THE MEDIUM OF WEDDING that the only way to avoid coming in dead last is to get married! The result: hookups!
Unfortunately the question is ridiculous because zombies and vampires have no reason to be fighting.  vampires drink blood and zombie blood is all decayed and pooling in their feet.  They wouldn't be interested!  Correspondingly, zombies eat brains and vampires -
I've got nothing against romance! You can still be romantic while maintaining that love is an understandable emotion. Just be rational! And don't do tons of stupid stuff and use "I was in love!" as the justification. That's not love: that's responsibility deflection.
Do we share them to cement friendships? Treasure them because we value knowledge, and if the knowledge is privileged then it's even MORE valuable? Create them because we are all hopelessly duplicitous and our public 