Time for me to invent a new emotion! This emotion is for when you're nostalgic for a time you were never alive in, like when a chick is nostalgic for a time of pirates! Or, when a dude misses being a 16th century courtesan.
That's gross and you should wear bigger shirts. I'm so manly that when I glance at pregnant women they become pregnant with MY child instead. My line of sight is SO MANLY that it impregnates already pregnant women. Just in case that wasn't clear.
"We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology."  Ahem.  Amelia and Antonio Tony stood in the bedroom.  They were going to have sex!  This is how things looked like they were going to me, the omniscient third-person narrator: sexy times ahoy.
Cancer's a bad example because I'm so far from being a doctor, but what HAVE I done with my mind, with my brainpower? I've had, effectively, 18 full years, uninterrupted without sleep, to think about the world's problems! And I've solved ZERO of them.
I know, I know! But he's a funny guy, right? And I was thinking: maybe if I told his jokes, I could get inside his head and understand how he comes up with them. Act like Seinfeld in order to become Seinfeld, you know?
And you noticed it, obviously, but then you turned to me, made eye contact, and nodded with an almost undetectable Mona Lisa smile, just once. It was this amazing nod that said, "Don't worry, T-Rex. Things will be alright. Everything's gonna work out fine."
Okay, so Herostratus burned down the Temple of Artemis. But what happened to the other wonders of the World? My friends, I ask a bold question: indeed, the boldest. I ask the question shied away from by the greatest minds of our age: 
Oh my God, I'm TERRIFIED of missing out.  I might have elevated strength, but I never try to lift a skyscraper over my head, you know?  How would I discover which muscles to flex to make lasers shoot out of my hands?
It's greedy. Let's cut it such that there's no other way it could be cut that would make ANY of us better off, without making at least one of us worse off. That's OPTIMAL for all of us, T-Rex, and that's optimal for SOCIETY.
And it doesn't even have to be God! ANYTHING that comes out of nowhere and solves all the problems counts! An early example is in Macbeth, where Lady Macbeth is TOTALLY GUILTY over the murder she masterminded, but then she remembers her time machine!
Hey, incidentally, I'M working on a comic where there's a man on his hands and knees looking under his couch and his wife is saying "Have you found your keys?" and he's saying "No, I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (My Keys)".
A scientist runs up, explaining that dogs and birds can't cry! But, as she examines the animals she discovers that in addition to tear ducts, they have ALSO evolved the ability to experience sadness with an intensity previously unknown on the planet. THE END.
It's there because God's all "NOAH BUILD AN ARK OUT OF GOPHERWOOD OKAY" but now we're all, "what? Um, maybe he meant cypress wood? Did somebody transcribe this friggin' poorly?" It's cool how unlikely we are to ever discover anything new about a hapax!
No, I mean, how'd you do it, how did you figure ut the semantics and word senses? Statistical methods? But those have problems with recall and precision, even with - are you using the web as a corpus? How are you handling the noise?
That's not really surprising, I guess, since every language EVER has been spoken by people who once were alive and are now totes dead. Similarly, every language has concepts of "male" and "female", which suggests that we, as a people, find naughty bits interesting!
AS SUCH, I've recently done tons of Google searches for "how to avoid breaking laws", "i love being not guilty", "how to be an EVEN MORE innocent dude", and "how to avoid crime because, not unlike Batman himself, I too hate crime".  
Okay, that's a good point. However! I will not concede until at least ONE ancient manuscript is uncovered that includes the line "Hay? where we're going, we don't need... hay." And then the horseman has to flip down the vi