Morris: aw shucks t-rex, you're a real good friend, you know that? a real good friend. anyway, you should be extra careful not to eat me today or anything because i guess i got turned into a zombie last night! today has definitely had its share of challenges for me, huh
Yeah!  You were down because you've got this impossible fetish, but it turns out the second law of thermodynamics is one of the few STATISTICAL laws of physics - which means it's not actually impossible for an egg to randomly descramble itself for a while!  It's just FANTASTICALLY unlikely.
"Well, almost in unison. Antonio Tony, the man, was a little slow on that. It was because he was thinking of his taxes. '10 thousand dollars in taxes!', he though, 'That is a lot of money. Where am I going to find that money?' Then Tony and Amelia had sexual relations."
I just figure it's a pretty short list of animals that haven't been eaten by a tiger, you know? And I don't know how many people have had the pleasure of seeing something eat something that that something has never eaten before, but I'd like to be one of those people.
And he hasn't changed his name and he hates it and he drinks all the time.  And everyone laughs when they hear his name, and then they get to know him and discover his illness and they feel awful.  They begin to wonder if their laughter makes him drink.
If you were his friend you'd always say "Come on Al, stop drinking, change your name.  At least go by your middle name."  And then he'd take a swig from the bottle, wipe his mouth with the back of his hand, and tell you his middle name is "Choc".
It's so great, Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like in the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and then when they go to pick up their hat, he boxes them in the butt!!
It's like - oh, it was all a dream and the whole time Hamlet was ACTUALLY snoozing on a bus next to an empty seat the whole time! What the heck, Hamlet? Laertes was the bus driver? This is SO MUCH WORSE than when you were stabbin' dudes and havin' broods.
Okay, so everyone knows about making margins wide and using a big font, but teachers know that one too. They see it and they think "Come on, you can do better," and then they uncap their red pens and write "You could use some friggin' tips!" all over your cover page.
Okay, it's just - there was a wallet in my toilet this morning, and you left last night in a hurry, saying you'd "Need to visit the wallet store soon" but then came back once and clarified that you were pretending you were a friend of yours when you said that.
There are many kinds of grief, so I've focused on a particular flavour. When, say, a big meteor hits a dude square on the head and kills him, that's sad. HOWEVER, at the same time, it's also extremely amazing and awesome. It can be hard to reconcile these two, conflicting, emotions.
I've become their silent friend Ren?, watching this baby grow up over the years.  I'll see her first steps!  Her first birthday!  And in 18 or so years, I'll have tears in my eyes as my computer pings and her high school grad pictures download into my inbox...
A lot of your previous stories WERE autobiographical. "My Tiring Day"? "A Story About Me (At The End I Sit Down and Write The Book You're Now Reading)"? If I were you, I'd write my next book such that if people DID assume it was about me, it would be flattering.
I meant if there was such an advance. Early language learners would acquire languages the best, so it would be a generation of toddlers convincing their parents that letting them poop their pants is sweet. If you don't see what's bad for society in that, well - enjoy pooping your pants!
No they don't!  They lock eyes with you and say "Are you doing alright?" with a hand on your shoulder or something.  Honestly, this joke seems like it could have been funny at some point, but you telephone gamed it in your head and it doesn't make sense anymore.
And it has to have the caps like that too. Ooh! Or it could read "In