BASICALLY, after September 11th, our guy decides that he's had enough of just punching dudes and joins the fire department.  He becomes real and now he punches out fires.  He punches kittens out of trees.  He punches people who get trapped in cars when they drive off the road.
Dromiceiomimus, let me just stop you there. If you're going to say that emotions are FELT, not invented, and that as I couldnt "invent" gravity so too can I not invent a feeling, but merely observe and perhaps label it, then that is a good point that I should have considered myself.
God! I figured I'd as him all the BIG IMPORTANT QUESTIONS that one would ask of God, if one had a chance. Stuff like, how come everybody dies? How come people judge me because I'd rather remember that my clock is 7 1/2 hours slow than set it to the correct time?
Insufficient data for meaningful answer!  Okay so trillions of years have gone by and we've spread across the universe and gotten more and more advanced.  Soon all life merges with me and your question is the only one I could never answer.  I spend timeless intervals pondering it, okay?
It's like, say I tell everyone I want to be an astronaut, right? And now it's 20 years later and I'm not an astronaut and it's some stupid "what have you done with your life" reunion and everyone's like "HEY T-REX, HOW'S THE ASTRONAUT LIFESTYLE? IS IT - IS IT PRETTY ACHIEVEABLE?"
I just thought it was a skill I could pick up easily.  I don't need to know everything! I don't need to know the difference between friggin' binary and B+ search trees!  ALL I WANT TO KNOW is how to make Richard III's sucky horse do double jumps, you know?
I also thought passive-aggressive tattoos would be fun.  Like instead of a heart that says, "Mom", a heart that says "Hey MOM thanks for buying me a private island!"  And then when my mom sees it and says "I never bought you that", I can say "Not yet!" and smile!
And given this assumption, and the assumption that people care about exploring the idea of a soul, we can easily cast ghosts and zombies as the investigation of the soul-having experience that they are. For what are ghosts, but souls without a body? And what are zombies, but bodies without a soul?
Today I propose a word meaning "extremely sad, but also extremely amazing". It can be hard to pull off that emotion; you don't want people thinking you're TOO into how amazing it was. But if you say, "I'm very [my new word] right now", everyone understands! Grief has become easier to navigate!
It turns out you can't make a law saying "dudes nobody say this guy's name anymore okay" without saying his name SOMEWHERE? But, I mean, I understand why they were upset. Kind of a dick move, Herostratus. I want to go down in history, but not for being the world's Suckiest Greek.
I can die if I don't get any food, but if I don't get any sex, then I just - keep on keepin' on? Also if I'm hungry, I can't lock myself in a room and satisfy my hunger with my own food that's BASICALLY almost as good as the genuine item.
The added "e" gives him an exotic Spanish flair.  Utahraptore, the fiery outlaw fighting for the repressed, the mysterious man of dark passions!  The man whose smile disarms the men as easily as his rapier disarms the women.  Who is this masked man?  Who is this... this Utahraptore?
And when that happens they call it a manuport: something that was carried by hand by ancient dead dudes. Manuports are neat because they show you what ancient dead dudes found interesting! And the most awesome manuport is the oldest one, called the Makapansgat pebble. It dates to 3 million years ago!
But there were PROTOHUMANS. Australopithecines! And the Makapansgat pebble has this natural "eye eye mouth" face shape on it. A protohuman had enough curiosity and aesthetic sense, 3 MILLION YEARS AGO, to see the face in the rock, and thought it was special enough to carry around with him until he died.
So Icarus had a great time flying and when he finally landed his dad said "Wow, I sure was wrong", and they spent the rest of their lives flying just as close to 